
My Master dissertation

 

Surviving the New Normal: A Case Study of How Foreigners Living in Suzhou Consume News in the Presence of the COVID-19 Pandemic

（生存于新常态之下：关于生活在苏州的外籍人士在新冠疫情期间如何消费新闻的案例研究）

A Dissertation Submitted in Partial Fulfilment 
of the Requirements for the
Degree of Master of Science in Media and Communication
to
Department of Media and Communication
Xi’an Jiaotong-Liverpool University


By


Weinan Yuan

Supervisor: Dr. Xianwen Kuang

January 2021
  
Abstract

News consumption habits can be influenced by multiple factors. A person's news consumption habits can be influenced in different contexts, and it may, in turn, change their decisions about the future based on available information. This research project aims to investigate how the media environment, people’s trust in media, and public health emergency (COVID-19) influence news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou before and during COVID-19.

A cross-sectional study approach was used to focus on how the timeline of COVID-19 impacted participants’ news consumption habits. An hour-long one-on-one in-depth interview was designed to have a better and deeper conceptual understanding of the participants in a natural setting such as COVID-19. Also, a snowball sampling strategy was adopted to find suitable participants because of the trust that comes from acquaintances. The nationalities of the participants include Filipino, Singaporean, Malaysian, Indonesian, Indian, American, Italian, French, and Irish.

The results showed that the media environment was strongly associated with participants’ preferred media channels and time to consume news. Also, people’s trust in media was negatively correlated to the amount of misinformation/disinformation that participants encountered. Additionally, public health emergencies such as COVID-19 played a significant role in increasing the intensity and length of participants’ news consumption perceptions and behaviors because of the strong desire of news consumers to survive.  

In addition, studying the news consumption habits of the specific group of people before and during COVID-19 can help researchers to figure out the patterns of news diffusion and may provide clues to the making of local communities' preventive policies. Based on the aforementioned research findings mentioned above, it is hoped that this work will have a beneficial impact on how Suzhou authorities or local communities better communicate with foreigners living in Suzhou during a public health event such as COVID-19 and help the foreigners to better cope with changing situations.

Keywords: Foreigner, Suzhou, COVID-19, News Consumption, Habit, Media Environment, Trust in Media, Public Health Emergency


新闻消费习惯会受到多种因素的影响。一个人的新闻消费习惯会在不同的语境下受到影响，进而可能影响其在现有信息的基础上对未来的决策。本研究项目旨在探讨在新冠疫情之前和期间，媒体环境、对媒体的信任度和突发公共卫生事件（新冠疫情）如何影响居住在苏州的外籍人士的新闻消费习惯。

本研究采用横向研究的方法，关注新冠疫情的发展时间轴如何影响参与者的新闻消费习惯。为了在新冠疫情这样的语境中对参与者有更好、更深入的概念性了解，我们设计了一个小时的一对一深度访谈。同时，由于熟人之间的信任，我们采用了滚雪球抽样的策略来寻找合适的参与者。所联系上的参与者们包括菲律宾人、新加坡人、马来西亚人、印度尼西亚人、印度人、美国人、意大利人、法国人和爱尔兰人。

研究结果显示，媒体环境与参与者喜欢的媒体渠道和消费新闻的时间密切相关。同时，对媒体的信任度与参与者遇到的错误信息/虚假信息量呈负相关。此外，由于新闻消费者强烈的求生欲望，新冠疫情等突发公共卫生事件在增加参与者新闻消费观念和行为的强度和时长方面发挥了重要作用。 

此外，研究新冠疫情之前和期间特定人群的新闻消费习惯，可以帮助研究者弄清新闻传播的规律，也可以为地方社区预防政策的制定提供线索。基于上述研究结果，希望这项工作能够对苏州有关部门或地方社区如何在新冠疫情这样的突发公共卫生事件中更好地与居住在苏州的外籍人士进行沟通，帮助外籍人士更好地应对形势变化产生有益的影响。

关键词：外籍人士，苏州，新冠疫情，新闻消费，习惯，媒体环境，媒体信任，突发公共卫生事件。




 
Acknowledgements

First of all, without the strong support of my parents, I would not have been able to complete this dissertation, I love you, Lao Dou and Lao Ma! Also, my beloved grandpa and grandma, your love has made me courageous and compassionate, I miss you!

Second, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to my supervisor Dr. Xianwen Kuang, your calmness, erudition, and insightful remarks have provided a broader range of possibilities for my writing ideas, and of course, the wisdom of time management in both life and work. Also, I take this opportunity to express my special thanks to Dr. Macro Pellitteri who has provided many useful suggestions for my research project. Moreover, I would love to thank every teacher and student that I have met during my master's studies, for having learned a lot from your guys.

Last but not least, I want to thank Luke Skywalker, Percy Tang, Fanping Li, Zhigui Wu, Chenxu Zhao, and many others who have assisted me in this research project, I will pass on your kindness and help more people in need.

May the Force be with us.

Always.
 
Table of Contents
Abstract	ii
Acknowledgements	v
Table of Contents	vi
List of Abbreviations	x
Chapter 1 Introduction	1
1.1 The Changing Media Landscape and the Challenges It Presents	1
1.2 Research on News Consumption Habits and Unsolved Issues	2
1.3 Profound Changes Brought About by COVID-19	3
1.4 Purpose and Significance of This Research Project	4
Chapter 2 Literature Review	6
2.1 Media Environment and News Consumption	6
2.1.1 Types of Media in the Media Environment	6
2.1.2 The Criticized Mainstream Media Environment	6
2.1.3 Current Media Environment Brought About by the Internet	6
2.1.4 Challenges Brought by Current Media Environment	7
2.1.5 The Rise of Alternative Media	8
2.1.6 The Rise of Social Media	9
2.1.7 Dilemmas Posed by Algorithms on Social Media	10
2.1.8 News Consumers Fight Back Against the Challenges Posed by Social Media	10
2.1.9 Media Features on News Consumption Habits	10
2.2 People’s Trust in Media and News Consumption	12
2.2.1 News Consumers’ Changing Trust in Media	13
2.2.2 How Media Literacy Plays a Role in People’s Trust in Media	13
2.2.3 News Consumers’ Age and Their Trust in Media	13
2.2.4 News Consumers’ Trust in Various Media	14
2.2.5 How Trust Influence News Consumption	14
2.2.6 Factors that Influence People’s Trust in Media	14
2.2.7 People’s trust in Social Media	15
2.3 Public Health Emergency and News Consumption	15
2.3.1 How the Health-Related News Is Produced	15
2.3.2 Media Response During COVID-19	16
2.3.3 How COVID-19 Related News Circulated in Media, and Corresponding News Consumers’ Behaviors	16
2.3.4 How Media Shape News Consumers’ Perception and Behavior During Public Health Emergency Such as COVID-19	17
2.3.5 Factors That Influence COVID-19 Related News Consumption	18
2.3.6 News Consumption at Different Stages in People's Lives, or Events	18
2.3.7 Health Awareness and News Consumption Habits	19
2.3.8 The Agenda Setting Approach on News Consumption Habits	20
2.3.9 The Third-Person Approach on News Consumption Habits	21
2.4 News Consumption Habits	21
2.4.1 Why People Consume News	21
2.4.2 Theoretical Framework of Previous Research on News Consumption Motivations	22
2.4.3 News Consumption Patterns	23
2.4.4 News Consumption Prior to the COVID-19 Outbreak	24
2.4.5 News Consumption Since the COVID-19 Outbreak	24
2.5 Implication for Studying COVID-19 Related News Consumption	25
2.6 Research Questions	26
Chapter 3 Methodology	29
3.1 Introduction	29
3.2 Research Method	29
3.3 Method of Data Collection	32
3.4 Method of Analysis	32
Chapter 4 Results	33
4.1 The Influence of Media Environment on News Consumption Habits	33
4.2 The Influence of People’s Trust in Media on News Consumption Habits	38
4.3 The Influence of the Public Health Emergency (COVID-19) on News Consumption Habits	44
Chapter 5 Discussion and Implications	49
5.1 Summary of Results	49
5.2 Discussion of the Findings in Relation to the Literature Review	54
5.3 Practical Implications	55
References	59
Appendix 1	79

















 
List of Abbreviations

COVID-19    Coronavirus Disease 2019 
Chapter 1 Introduction

 1.1 The Changing Media Landscape and the Challenges It Presents

The COVID-19 pandemic has caused lots of transformations in many life aspects and industries. Since the 1918 Spanish Flu, people’s living condition has relatively improved a lot and the media environment has also evolved much, especially since the birth of the Internet (Newman et al., 2017).

The media environment has undergone various changes in recent years with the advent and cement of digital innovations (Casero-Ripollés, 2018), and the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated such trends to some extent because of distancing and other policies. (Liu, 2020; World Health Organization, 2020).

Legacy media are losing their influence as a primary source of universal knowledge for news consumers (Bennett & Pfetsch, 2018). Meanwhile, more and more people have been consuming news through digital/mobile devices and social media (Newman et al., 2019). And, currently, news consumers prefer to digest the news that is related to their own opinions during news selection (Williams, B., & Carpini, M.D., 2011). Not only media industry observers, but also researchers in academia agree that the change will continue under the influence of digital technologies (Meyer, 2004).

However, such trends also have brought several issues. The increased amount of misinformation/disinformation brought about by the information overload (Bennett & Livingston, 2018), mistrust in legacy media, polarization in politics, fragmentation, and the abundance of media environments to choose from (Aelst et al., 2017), which makes it not easy for news consumers to get the information they need (Casero-Ripolles, 2020). 

In the context of a public health emergency such as H1N1, the aforementioned situation could go worse. Information has not always been tested for veracity and has sometimes been misinterpreted or often just partly understood by the public (Johnson & Hariharan, 2017), which could result in inequality in health communication, and it is supported by relevant studies (Lin et al. 2014). 

Moreover, during the COVID-19, in the diffusion of rumors, conspiracy theories, and other misinformation/disinformation, social media has created unparalleled scale and pace (Casero-Ripolles, 2020), which are partly caused by nationalism or populism (Bennett & Livingston, 2018). In the case of public health emergencies, such phenomena need to be taken into consideration for future successful communication for target news consumers (Johnson & Hariharan, 2017), and some tech giants such as Facebook and Google have already taken actions to limit or stop the circulation of fake health-related news (Holmes, 2016).

1.2 Research on News Consumption Habits and Unsolved Issues

The spread of health-related misinformation/disinformation is not a newly emerging situation. With the proliferation of the Internet, social media has become an incubator for misinformation/disinformation. The Internet has facilitated the spread of misinformation/disinformation, which is disseminated on a broader range and reaches a greater number of audiences at a greater pace than ever before (Ingram, 2014). During other public health emergencies such as Ebola and Zika, researchers have found relevant misinformation/disinformation that is related to medicine and health (Fung et al., 2016; Radzikowski et al., 2016; Sharma et al., 2017). 

However, Dhoju et al. (2019) access that health-related misinformation/disinformation is a research area that awaits to be studied. Currently, 72% of adult Internet users are searching for lots of health-related information online with different focuses (Fox, 2014). In view of this, ensuring that the health news that is available online is reliable and of good quality is crucial (Dhoju et al., 2019).

Also, Bridgman et al. (2020) discovered that news consumers’ social media consumption and corresponding misunderstandings are strongly related to their behaviors such as their refusal to comply with distancing policies. Even so, the degree to which misinformation/disinformation on the aforementioned media continues to propagate and affect the perceptions and behaviors of news consumers is still a question that needs further study.

1.3 Profound Changes Brought About by COVID-19

In addition, scholars have also studied the diverse concerns of news consumers in different communities about the coverage of public health emergencies.

Etingen et al. (2013) found out that during the H1N1 pandemic, it is reported that many people have shown greater interest in news that is consistent with infection control activities. This suggests that media coverage of public health emergencies influences the perceptions and behaviors of news consumers to some extent. 
   
Also, several studies have demonstrated that knowledge or understanding of public health emergencies is higher among older age groups, where people have obtained a college or university degree and are in higher socioeconomic condition, and are employed (Tooher et al., 2013). This shows, in part, the emergence of public health emergencies has widened the digital divide to some extent.

During the COVID-19 outbreak, many people have felt overwhelmed and powerless by the exposure of overloaded information, and the following lockdown policies carried out by local authorities have made such a situation worse. Since making access to information is an important part of deciding what to do next, the constantly changing situation has made it difficult for locals to get by, not to mention outgroups such as foreigners.

1.4 Purpose and Significance of This Research Project

Dhanani and Franz (2020) argue that “individuals may be at further harm if they not only lack the information necessary to engage in health protective behaviors, but endorse misinformation or engage in discriminatory behavior that threatens the well-being of social groups associated with an infectious disease” (p. 3).

At the time of the COVID-19 outbreak, I had a number of foreign friends in Suzhou who did not know how to take effective precautions and plans for the next step because they could not find immediate and correct news sources. At the same time, as the pandemic control measures escalated, they encountered many obstacles in their lives and work because of the local government's sloppy, one-size-fits-all management model. Worse still, they were more likely to encounter arrogance and discrimination in the face of rising nationalistic sentiment in the country.

In light of this, by studying how existing evidence for news consumption can better support the survival of minority groups, relevant research is believed to contribute to the social processes that a comprehensive communication scheme can be set up and better supported by local communities or organizations, thus better reflecting the needs of various groups living in the same area.

Considering this, my research project addresses this gap and adopts a qualitative research method to study news consumption practices. It aims to investigate what contributes to the difference in news consumption patterns of foreigners living in Suzhou before the COVID-19, at the beginning of the COVID-19 outbreak, and amid the New Normal. The New Normal refers to the post-pandemic era in China, and unless the world discovers a cure and vaccine for COVID-19, people will have to adapt to live in the new normal (M., 2020). According to relevant literature, in China, the time periods are before January 2020, from January 2020 to April 2020, and from July 2020 until now respectively (M., 2020; Ritchie et al., 2021).

Studying the news consumption habits of this specific group of people at the beginning of the COVID-19 outbreak and the stage of the New Normal will help researchers to figure out the patterns of news diffusion and may provide clues to the making of local communities' preventive policies. It is hoped that this work will have a beneficial impact on how Suzhou authorities can better communicate with foreigners living locally during a pandemic like COVID-19. For the government, in a public health emergency such as COVID-19, providing instant, accurate, and correct information is one of the crucial methods to control the pandemic outbreak. For individuals, providing them valuable information during COVID-19 can help them learn more knowledge regarding personal hygiene and take preventive measures for their health, and eventually minimize fear of the spread of the virus. 
Chapter 2 Literature Review

2.1 Media Environment and News Consumption

2.1.1 Types of Media in the Media Environment

In media studies, most researchers have divided the media into two main categories for further study, which are mainstream media and alternative media (Rauch, 2015). And for alternative media, some also refer to it as non-mainstream media (Coyer et al., 2007).

2.1.2 The Criticized Mainstream Media Environment

Before the advent of the Internet, the media environment was mostly dominated by mainstream media. Therefore, the focus of previous media studies has mostly focused on this. Meanwhile, some researchers have summarized the characteristics of mainstream media. Coyer et al. (2007) argue that it has several following characteristics. First, ownership in mainstream media is highly concentrated. Second, each media outlet is oftentimes made the mouthpiece of other comparably powerful economic interests by this high degree of concentration. In view of this, mainstream media have been criticized for not voicing for underprivileged or disadvantaged groups of people, which partially led to the emergence of alternative media (Sandoval & Fuchs, 2010).

2.1.3 Current Media Environment Brought About by the Internet

For some media researchers, it is necessary to have an understanding of the current media environment if people's news consumption habits are to be studied. In this regard, a number of detailed descriptions have been provided by the literature. 

Nowadays, the rise of the Internet has brought great changes to the current media environment. Yuan (2011) found out that media ownership and corresponding business decisions were being adjusted in line with the trending journalism convergence, which resulted in the dominating situation in media industry and concentration in media market by several media cartels. However, for legacy media, such as well-known print and broadcast media, they suffered from both declining advertising revenue and deteriorating quality of news coverage (Bruns & Highﬁeld, 2012). 

Meanwhile, modern Internet-based media, such as forums, blogs, and social media have gained credibility, integrating user-generated content in publishing, exchanging, and spreading news (Pentina & Tarafdar, 2014). The amount of usable information has been greatly increased and the "costs" needed to access it has been decreased (Fletcher & Park, 2017). For legacy media that go digital, they are also producing significantly more information than they have ever produced before. Take The New York Times as an example, a single Sunday edition contains more data than average people of the 19th century faced during their lives (Pollar, 2003).

2.1.4 Challenges Brought by Current Media Environment

Since then, the way that people source news has been evolving. News consumers receive news simultaneously from various outlets, thus multi-tasking on several screens and from different media (Kelly & Bostrom, 1995). As a consequence, people have to deal with a wealth of additional knowledge, often irrelevant to their desires and needs, including spam and scam (Denning, 2006). Because of the human’s limited capacity of dealing with information (Thorson et al., 1985), the 24/7 news feed can affect news consumers’ capacities of processing information and making decisions, which is the “information overload” (Pentina & Tarafdar, 2014).

Worse still, concerns have been raised over the use of artificial intelligence by news distribution platforms to personalize user experience for news consumers, which may lead to the phenomena of “filter bubbles” (Pariser, 2011) or “echo chambers” (Sunstein, 2001). While diversity is neglected, such developments have already led to an increased challenge of public debate fragmentation and division (Tewksbury et al., 2008). As a result, this has given alternative media and social media an opportunity to rise, and these media have attracted a large number of audiences who are happy to see voices for themselves.

2.1.5 The Rise of Alternative Media

With people's increased access to news and the rapid increase in the volume of news information, the threshold for individuals and organizations to write and distribute news content has been lowered, resulting in the emergence of alternative media. Fuchs (2010) notes that they “are mass media that challenge the dominant capitalist forms of media production, media structures, content, distribution, and reception” (P. 178). One of the most noteworthy aspects of alternative media is their functioning outside the hierarchical structure of mainstream media companies (Atton, 2002; Downing, 2001). And being “alternative” to mainstream media’s ideology, alternative media aim to target the niche markets of news consumers, to introduce their offerings predominantly on non-institutional outlets (Wang, 2018). In view of this, most alternative media “persist in being less commercial, producing more critical content and being more committed to social change than their mainstream counterparts” (Rauch, 2016, p. 756)

Nevertheless, with the trend of easier Internet access and the popularity of digital devices, alternative media is able to reach a wider range of target audience (Rauch, 2016). Therefore, the line between alternative media and mainstream media has become blurred (Rauch, 2016), especially as some mainstream-seeming media have instead achieved some of the ideals of alternative media (Hamilton, 2008). Additionally, research proposes that the working conditions of alternative media employers are worse off than those of mainstream media (Rauch, 2016), making it difficult for alternative media to maintain their ideals and stay in touch with a wider range of audiences in the digital era (Forde 2011). Therefore, as a consequence of their declining influence, news consumers of some alternative media have been diverted by some mainstream media outlets. Thus, news consumers are not very loyal to specific media channels. Moreover, from news consumers’ perspective, they emphasize alternative content more highly than its form in an environment of media convergence, which differs from the aforementioned academic view (Rauch, 2015). With regard to this, it is not possible to depict or comprehend alternative media without holding it in comparison to mainstream media (Harcup, 2005).

2.1.6 The Rise of Social Media

While the aforementioned trends and controversies are gaining attention, in the current media environment which is heavily influenced by the Internet, social media has become the most popular media and can be said to be a gathering place to witness evolving media changes. 

Today, approximately 93 percent of U.S. adults read news online, with 67 percent having it through social media (Shearer & Gottfried, 2017), and the proportion tends to be even higher in countries in Southern Europe or Latin America (Newman et al., 2017).

Social media has become an essential part of online news circulation in recent years, and media organizations are eager to encourage the broader diffusion of their content not only by publishing the content on social media platforms themselves, but also by letting users redistribute their posts through various social media platforms as subsidiary disseminators (Singer, 2014).

Considering this, Pentina and Tarafdar (2014) stated that as an inﬂuential medium, the emergence of the Internet has dramatically altered existing models of consumption of information and news. News consumption has been greatly influenced by the growing availability of media outlets and sources, and the increasing probabilities of news consumers’ interaction and co-creation. The Internet is profoundly influencing the current media environment.

2.1.7 Dilemmas Posed by Algorithms on Social Media

However, since algorithms are used by social media to promote distribution efficiency, people’s news consumption habits have also been deeply influenced by algorithms in the Internet era. Driven by opaque algorithms, news consumers have a greater chance of exposure to misinformation/disinformation regarding COVID-19, which demonstrate a worse situation of “filter bubbles” and “echo chambers” (Jang & Kim, 2018; Dhanani & Franz, 2020). Despite this, people’s low trust in social media content may trigger users to have higher engagement in news consumption and participation because of the negative attitudes towards corresponding content such as distrust or disapproval (Fletcher & Park, 2017).

2.1.8 News Consumers Fight Back Against the Challenges Posed by Social Media

Additionally, because the 24/7 news feed that is driven by algorithms has made social media more intrusive, some news consumers’ have experienced information overload due to limited capacities of information processing (Pentina & Tarafdar, 2014). In light of this, some may limit or stop their engagement with social media, denying or deliberately remaining unaware of the presence of news, such attitudes or behaviors that some scholars call digitox or digital disconnection (Aldoory & Van Dyke, 2006; Hampton, 2010; Foot, 2014; Woodstock, 2014; Wilcockson et al., 2019; Bucher, 2020; Syvertsen, 2020). Consequently, while social media has consistently shaped individuals’ trust in news and worldviews, these media developments have the potential to have a significant and powerful impact on the formation of political understanding, public debate, social and civic consciousness.

2.1.9 Media Features on News Consumption Habits

From the development and characteristics of the various media mentioned above, it can be seen that the media features have a correlative effect on people’s news consumption habits.

Mass media has been expected as a promising way of delivering health-related news that can have a significant effect on the behavioral effects of the audience (Gesualdo et al., 2010; Xavier et al., 2013). In recent years, the rapid growth of the Internet has made Internet-based media the dominant platforms for distributing health information possible (Liu & Jiang, 2021). Because of the disseminating capacity, Internet-based media have become influential in driving the shift in preventive habits and in mitigating the risk of pandemic risks, contributing to the correlation between the consumption of health-related information and the actions of disease control (Gesualdo et al., 2010).

Meanwhile, the dissemination of news content is involved with two patterns of consumer communication habits: collection and re-dissemination (Kim et al., 2013; Cappella et al. 2014). And Kim (2015) proposes that news content is most likely to be broadly transmitted when it both captivates consumer choice and promotes successive social sharing.

Regarding this, at the news message level, there exist several factors that can influence people’s news consumption habits, which are “informational utility, content valence, emotional evocativeness, novelty, exemplification” (Kim, 2015, p. 513-515).

First, informational utility. Researchers have named informational utility as a primary indicator of news consumers’ collection for news message (Knobloch-Westerwick, 2015) and retransmission (Berger, 2014), and news content that provides useful information has a greater chance to be re-disseminated (Berger & Milkman, 2012). Therefore, for health-related news that advocates health and minimizing health risks (Bandura, 2004; Moriarty & Stryker, 2008), it can be considered useful in influencing news consumers’ health behaviors (Witte & Allen, 2000). 

Second, content valence. The valence of news messages plays an important part in the news consumers’ message collection and re-dissemination. People appear to be drawn to negative information, and this tendency in negativity is well established in selective exposure studies (Knobloch-Westerwick, 2015). On the other hand, positivity is likely to act in determining what to post. (Berger & Milkman, 2012; Kim et al., 2013). Positive news is more likely to be transmitted because disseminating such information makes receivers experience good feelings and helps create or preserve positive images of the sharers (Berger, 2013, 2014).

Third, emotional evocativeness. People’s news consumption and retransmission behaviors can be influenced by emotional evocativeness. Emotionally stimulating news tends to promote selective viewing (Knobloch-Westerwick, 2015). Thus, people are inclined to search for news reports with emotionally evocative elements (Zillmann et al., 2004).

Fourth, novelty. novel, unexpected, or unusual news can attract consumption because such news is likely to interrupt news consumers’ regular news processing and force them to spare time and energy to digest, or consume it as potentially threatening news (Knobloch-Westerwick, 2015).

Fifth, exemplification. Stories are a basic type of human comprehension and communication, and are easier to understand and remember (Schank & Abelson, 1995). They convey messages in a vibrant and intriguing way (Berger, 2013). With regard to this, narrative-based news has a re-dissemination edge. Accordingly, exemplification is an inherent news element that makes news more vibrant, entertaining, and as a result, more story-like (Zillmann & Brosius, 2000).

2.2 People’s Trust in Media and News Consumption

2.2.1 News Consumers’ Changing Trust in Media

For news consumers, as their trust in news has altered over time, so have their news consumption habits. In the past, people’s trust in news continued to decline in the United States after a 20-year period marked by a high level of trust in news from the 1950s to the 1970s (Ladd, 2012).

2.2.2 How Media Literacy Plays a Role in People’s Trust in Media

One of the most important factors that are related to people’s trust in media is media literacy, which is defined as “the ability to understand, analyze, evaluate and create media messages in a wide variety of forms” (Aufderheide & Firestone, 1993, p. 6). Critical thinking is the first and foremost aspect of media literacy, especially news media literacy which emphasizes media literacy in news. 

Nowadays, facts and empirical evidence are less influential in influencing public sentiment than personal biases, anecdotes, and popular opinions in the post-truth era (Cooke, 2017). It is urgent to fulfill the popular need to carefully weigh evidence (Stanovich et al., 2013), and critical thinking plays a significant role in news media literacy which helps news consumers develop adequate knowledge to satisfy their need (Rosenbaum et al., 2008). However, a study shows that media literacy not only can affect media users’ news consumption habits, but also relates to their life cycle. For adolescent news consumers, although it is necessary to obtain news, many do not tend to evaluate news, sources, or have no idea how to do it (Ku et al., 2019). Such abilities change with the different stages of a person's life.

2.2.3 News Consumers’ Age and Their Trust in Media

For news consumers in different age groups, their trust in the media varies. Younger individuals are more likely than older people to have an inclination towards non-mainstream news outlets. Likewise, for people who have lower levels of interest in the news, they are more likely to show the inclination for non-mainstream news outlets than those with a higher level of interest (Fletcher & Park, 2017).

2.2.4 News Consumers’ Trust in Various Media

In the current media environment, news consumers’ level of trust in the media also varies depending on the type of media. Newman et al. (2017) report that people are more inclined to use non-mainstream news sources than ever before. Similarly, people who use conventional news outlets and non-mainstream news media are related to higher levels of news confidence. Those who use social media as the primary news source have lower trust in the news. For news consumers who are doubtful of news media’s motivations, reporting shows lower confidence in the news (Kalogeropouloset et al., 2019).

2.2.5 How Trust Influence News Consumption

As news consumers have diverse levels of trust in different media, their trust also influences their news consumption and even participation. Fletcher and Park (2017) conclude that those “with low trust in the news media are more likely to prefer non-mainstream news sources, and are more likely to engage in online news participation” (p. 2). Lee (2010) concludes that, following the continued use of trusted news media, news consumers are satisfied with news coverage, and further trust in a particular medium is established.

2.2.6 Factors that Influence People’s Trust in Media

For the aforementioned phenomena, several factors have been outlined by researchers. News consumers’ trust in news media is positively associated with political engagement, interpersonal confidence, and television and newspaper news consumption (Tsfati & Ariely, 2014). Meanwhile, news consumers’ perceptions of corruption, education level, and online news exposure are negatively correlated (Hakhverdian & Mayne, 2012; Tsfati & Ariely, 2014).

2.2.7 People’s Trust in Social Media

As more information moves online, social networking sites are developing into our society’s gatekeepers, a position once restricted to legacy media journalists (Bozdag, 2013).

People's trust in social media is lower than that of legacy media, because “social media allows for the easy and widespread distribution of information while also having minimal standards to assess the credibility of such information” (Dhanani & Franz, 2020, p. 10). Moreover, for a public health emergency such as the COVID-19 pandemic, people's trust in media has undergone new changes. During the COVID-19 pandemic, a variety of adverse effects are connected with the use of social media, including the endorsement of COVID-19 misinformation/disinformation, lower comprehension of how the disease is handled, and greater prejudice against Asian Americans (Dhanani & Franz, 2020).

2.3 Public Health Emergency and News Consumption

2.3.1 How the Health-Related News Is Produced

In the scenario of generating health news messages, professional individuals or organizations collect and deliver health-related knowledge freely to reporters with the purpose of grabbing the latter’s attention. Such action is called “information subsidy” (Len-Ríos et al., 2009, p. 315). In the areas of science and health-related news reporting, literature implies most journalists depend on information subsidy considering they may not know much about the subject of what needs to be reported. Considering this, in order to meet their deadlines for reporting on the subject, journalists are inclined to finish news production with information subsidy (Berkowitz & Adams, 1990). 

2.3.2 Media Response During COVID-19

In the face of the COVID-19 outbreak, the literature indicates that media have responded to it in various manners. While some media have concentrated on disseminating evidence-based COVID-19 facts, others have adopted strategies such as minimizing the severity of the virus, spreading rumors and other disinformation, and accusing China of the ongoing outbreak (e.g., Chiu, 2020). In addition to causing deep fissures within the public, these different messages have also contributed to dangerous behaviors such as declining to comply with prescribed stem transmission practices (Mervosh et al., 2020), violence against those who attempt to implement such practices (MacFarquhar, 2020). Moreover, there is growing discrimination against Asians who have been accused of COVID-19 (Ruiz et al., 2020).

2.3.3 How COVID-19 Related News Circulated in Media, and Corresponding News Consumers’ Behaviors

Subsequently, Bridgman et al. (2020) argue that preventive initiatives are more likely to be promoted and covered by legacy media, while misinformation happens more regularly on Twitter. For news consumers, their different news consumption habits are closely linked to corresponding behaviors. Consuming legacy media is related to fewer myths and more social distancing from enforcement, whereas social media consumption correlated with more misconceptions and less social distancing from conformity (Bridgman et al., 2020). In particular, misperceptions of the virus are correlated with less conformity with social distance controls, even when correcting for a wide variety of other behaviors and characteristics, and in the context of a pandemic such as COVID-19, misperceptions can be destructive (Bridgman et al., 2020). Moreover, news consumption habits during COVID-19 can also lead to corresponding emotions and behaviors. Because of dangerous infections, finding COVID-19 news on Internet-based media can generate health-related ideas and concerns, for example, in China the most popular social media is WeChat, family members also post COVID-19 news on WeChat to ensure that individuals pay attention to realize the danger and practice defensive habits to avoid the possible risk (Liu, 2020). Then, in order to diminish worry and keep good health condition, news consumers’ worry can be connected to more preventive behaviors (Liu, 2020). Also, Coleman et al. discover (2011) that health news that portrays health issues as being avoidable and offers advice for protection help more news consumers to make practical changes.

2.3.4 How Media Shape News Consumers’ Perception and Behavior During Public Health Emergency Such as COVID-19

For media that are related to a public health emergency, they play a diverse role that shapes people’s perception and behavior patterns. In general, the media messages to which the public is subjected will influence their attitudes and reactions to health crises and corresponding social problems (Randolph & Viswanath, 2004; Anderson, 2009; Sugimoto et al., 2013; Schmidt et al., 2018). In addition, media also plays a significant role in educating the decisions of the public by affecting the accessibility of accessible information while making judgments (Wyer & Radvansky, 1999). Furthermore, media are able to build socio-cultural pressure to comply with beliefs, norms, or behaviors conveyed by publishing material (Barlett et al., 2008; Grabe et al., 2008).

The COVID-19 pandemic is the most serious public health emergency event since the Spanish flu in 1918 (World Health Organization, 2020). In more than 100 years between these two outbreaks, media have evolved rapidly in terms of format and means of communication, and people's habits of consuming news related to health have changed accordingly. 

By adopting framing strategies, media stressed the danger to public health posted the pandemic, concentrated on civil rights debates (Ingraham, 2020), or highlighted the influence of the virus on the economy (Hilton, 2020). However, in addition to raising people’s concerns about knowledge concerning COVID-19, researchers particularly pay close attention to the dissemination of misinformation or disinformation about COVID-19 (Dhanani & Franz, 2020).

Dhanani and Franz (2020) access that news consumption habit is likely associated with the consumption of and the inclination of misinformation regarding COVID-19. Like, 30% of Americans believe COVID-19 was developed in a laboratory, and most Americans admit that press coverage exaggerates the risks associated with the virus (Mitchell & Oliphant, 2020).

For previous studies on other important lapses of public confidence linked to infectious diseases, such as people’s vacillation in the vaccine, they investigated how and why misinformation prevails amid the availability of evidence debunking false statements (Lewandowsky et al., 2012).

Researchers stated that the persistence of misinformation/disinformation can make it more troublesome to counter this message, as it shows that such opposition can undermine one's worldview (Lewandowsky et al., 2012). It further underlines the significance of news media users consume that can present false statements and continuously reinforce them (Dhanani & Franz, 2020). Worse still, the proliferation of the Internet and social media has the potential to increase the spread of disinformation by enabling the simple and rapid disclosure of unconfirmed news (Dhanani & Franz, 2020).

2.3.5 Factors That Influence COVID-19 Related News Consumption

Regarding this, researchers have examined the factors that influence people's consumption of news related to public health emergencies and health. 

2.3.6 News Consumption at Different Stages in People's Lives, or Events

As the media environment continues to change, people's needs to consume news differ according to the media environment they are exposed to, or the stage of the event they are in.

In recent decades, the increasing popularity of Internet-based media and the slump of newspaper circulation and television ratings have made lots of media researchers and professionals wonder that conventional media will be replaced by Internet-based media someday (Meyer 2004; Ahlers 2006). And with this trend, some heavy news consumers have begun to source information from multiple types of news media (Ahlers 2006; Diddi & LaRose 2006; Pew Research Center, 2008).

Henke (1985) indicates that in response to the changes in life cycles, the shifts in news consumption habits could be anticipated and are likely to take place. Likewise, In Antunovic et al.'s (2018) study, researchers discovered that compared to the newspaper and television consumption habits that college students developed before entering college, they relied more on online sources for news information. In fact, most students were aware of their news consumption habits were developing.

In today’s media environment, it is common for news consumers to integrate multiple news media outlets, whether conventional or emerging, into their own use modes, which reflects more complex relationships between media uses (Yuan, 2011).

2.3.7 Health Awareness and News Consumption Habits

Another key factor that affects news consumption related to COVID-19 is individuals’ and public health awareness. Awareness plays a key role in people’s approach to improve access to healthcare. Previous researches have revealed that during a public health emergency such as COVID-19, news consumers have spent more time to consume COVID-19 related news, and focused and verified more on the authenticity of news sources. Guo (2020) indicates that news consumers in China spend around 2 hours a day to read relevant information during COVID-19, and 65% of respondents were very keen to consume news regarding the pandemic in many aspects. Moreover, in terms of news sources, more than half of news consumers trusted relevant news from official media, professional media, and digital governmental platforms (Guo, 2020). In comparison, a mere 6% of news consumers have confidence in the information that was circulated mainly through social media (Guo, 2020). This indicates that in the context of COVID-19 development and the gradual increase in the dissemination of misinformation/disinformation, driven by health awareness, news consumers have spent more time and effort to screen relevant information.

Subsequently, speaking of public health awareness, although the trust level of social media is not as high as other mainstream media such as television and printed newspapers, it is argued that the use of social media channels has a positive effect on public health understanding of changes in behaviors and public protection against COVID-19 given the increasing dependence on social media as a news source (Shearer, 2018; Al-Dmour et al., 2020). Furthermore, public health organizations may benefit from debunking misinformation/disinformation and bias-reduction movements for those who depend on social media like Facebook for informational needs (Seymour, 2018; Dhanani & Franz, 2020).

2.3.8 The Agenda Setting Approach on News Consumption Habits

Also, from the perspective of communication theory, the agenda setting and the third-person effect can also influence the consumption habits of COVID-19 related news, especially health news. Since health news is a trending news topic, there are plenty of rooms for various organizations offering health information assistance to reach the public via news media. Apart from educating news consumers, health news can set agendas for policymakers and medical experts (Len-Ríos et al., 2009). The idea of agenda setting discusses the impact of the news media on how the public perceives the prominence and the significance of news topics (McCombs & Shaw, 1972). Agenda setting is concerned with how the public reacts to the media, not how the news agenda is generated itself. The importance of health problems is characterized by the news media by highlighting potential health threats, giving them greater meaning, influencing public perceptions of possible solutions, and therefore shaping policy decisions (Shuchman, 2002).

2.3.9 The Third-Person Approach on News Consumption Habits

Next, since Davison proposed the third-person effect hypothesis in 1983, following research that investigated the relationship between news consumption and the perceived effects of harmful media content found that less perceived effects on oneself and others were correlated with higher exposure. Lo and Wei (2002) summarized that exposure to Internet pornography has been negatively connected to the alleged impact of Internet pornography on oneself and others. 

And during a public health emergency such as avian flu news, a higher news exposure is likely to be positively related to greater consumption outcomes on the self and others because news concerning avian flu is “informational, desirable, and beneficial” for people to deal with the health risk (Wei et al., 2008, p. 265). One clear finding indicates that consumption of news coverage allows people in the cognitive mechanism to consider the impact of such news stories on themselves and others in figuring out a health risk, and therefore in order to better protect themselves, people may consume the news seriously (Lo & Wei, 2002). The more that a mediated message is negative or controversial, the greater the perceived influence of those messages on others compared to themselves (Lo & Wei, 2002).

2.4 News Consumption Habits

2.4.1 Why People Consume News

Behind news consumption habits, people have a variety of motives and needs. McQuail (2005) sums up news consumption motives for information, personal identity, integration, social interaction, and entertainment, which will guide people’s actions in news consumption and will influence their selective attention to the news form and content (Ariyanti, 2012). Since the Internet has become an essential aspect of everyday life for most news consumers, one of the main functions of Internet usage is seeking information, and can be understood as a solution to their multiple information needs (Choo et al., 2000). Additionally, influences on individuals during childhood and adolescence can contribute to the formation of their news consumption habits, which are determined by the personal/family cause and living environment to varying degrees (Rusadi, 2014).

2.4.2 Theoretical Framework of Previous Research on News Consumption Motivations

That being the case, having understood individuals’ motivations for consuming news, the most common theoretical framework used by researchers to study news consumption habits is the uses and gratification approach, in which most pay attention to the gratifications that are related to the use of certain news consumption (Henke 1985; Vincent & Basil 1997; Diddi & LaRose 2006; Yuan, 2011). For various news consumers, they choose their preferred media with a variety of purposes such as seeking information, social interaction, and entertainment to satisfy their gratifications (Katz et al.,1973; Diddi & La Rose, 2006; Rubin, 1983). 

Meanwhile, following the formation of respective news consumption habits, many news consumers' gratifications correlate with their corresponding emotional needs and social connections, which roots in the uses and gratifications theory. Loneliness, for instance, is perceived when a person believes that his or her social ties and relationships in real life are weak (Cacioppo & Patrick, 2008; Peplau & Perlman, 1982; Pittman & Brandon, 2016). 

Also, the degree of gratiﬁcations received from news consumption depends on consumers’ confidence. To a greater degree, lonely news consumers may believe that being involved in social media could relieve themselves at least partly from loneliness (Kippax & Murray, 1980; Palmgreen & Rayburn, 1985). Similarly, while new consumers are interacting on social media, their sense of belongings can be enhanced (McKenna & Bargh, 1999). Finally, for entertainment, it is another benefit sought and given by the use of social media, allowing news consumers to kill time, to have a rest, and to have fun (Ellison et al., 2006).

2.4.3 News Consumption Patterns

Some scholars have concluded the cause for the occurrence of news consumption behavior, and the process by which it occurs. Antunovic et al. (2018) identify “shifting patterns of news consumption are grounded in two dynamics: the technological and structural changes in the news environment itself and the concomitant changes in consumption practices by news consumers” (p. 2), and propose a three-stage model to explain the news consumption process: “routine surveillance, incidental exposure and directed consumption” (pp. 4-5). Notably, researchers who are interested in news habits have more paid attention to interactive media because of its strong habit-forming characteristics, which are triggered by intense feedback loops (LaRose, 2014; Larose, 2017).

For routine surveillance, whose concept is partially inspired by Lasswell (1948), Rubin and Perse (1987), refers to news consumers’ practice of checking news at a fixed point in time. Motivated by convenience and mobility, today’s news surveillance has been integrated with emerging technological development, which has been predominantly among young consumers (Diddi and LaRose, 2006; Zerba, 2011; Yuan, 2011). Particularly, youngsters, especially students, preferred to receive news via mobile devices such as cellphones that usually pushed news notifications from social media accounts of news organizations like CNN and The New York Times (Poindexter, 2013; Antunovic et al., 2018).

Next, for incidental exposure, it has been framed in two ways. One way to explain is that news consumers come across other subjects while searching for specific news information (Yadamsuren and Erdelez, 2010), which is prevalent in online news consumption (Purcell et al., 2010); Another way is that news consumers do not hold a specific purpose when searching for news information (Antunovic et al., 2018). In several typical scenarios, incidental exposure occurred when students checked emails via desktops or laptops. For cellphone users, they were more likely to consume news later on in different media such as television for more detailed information (Antunovic et al., 2018).

Finally, directed consumption, which means news consumers actively search for news information directly or through incidental exposure, and could turn into routine surveillance (Antunovic et al., 2018). Antunovic et al. (2018) research showed that the most popular way of directed news consumption is search news stories through search engines such as Google, and some consumers argued it was more convenient to read news stories on the computer and searched out various sources they saw on Google than to read the stories on their mobile devices, revealing that “the directed news consumption stage may be the most comprehensive, most lengthy, and most engaging form of news consumption” (p. 12).

2.4.4 News Consumption Prior to the COVID-19 Outbreak

Also, along with hybrid news consumption patterns, comes user participation in media. A study focused on U.S. news commentary discovered that after consuming news, users may want to check facts, express feelings or viewpoints, or inform or to discuss with others (Stroud et al., 2016). This is particularly the case on social media, where news consumers gain a sense of information overload and manage to find ways to select and digest news (Pentina & Tarafdar, 2014; Fletcher & Park, 2017).

2.4.5 News Consumption Since the COVID-19 Outbreak

In a specific context, such as a global public health emergency like the COVID-19 pandemic, multi-dimensional shifts in people's news consumption habits can occur. During COVID-19, Dhanani and Franz (2020) find out that the most frequently-used media by news consumers are, in order, television, websites, social media, radio, and print newspapers. And in other corresponding reports, the ranking of people’s trust in media is also similar to the above order (Shearer, 2018). Moreover, news consumers spent more time engaging with media, according to a report by Guo and Zhang (2020):

More than 40% respondents said they have significantly spent more time on short video apps and digital video platforms. Other media touchpoints that are being used much longer include digital news platforms (mentioned by 37%), social media (34%, although almost everyone is on WeChat for long hours in pre-outbreak days), TV ads (33%) and online music (26%). (para. 17)

2.5 Implication for Studying COVID-19 Related News Consumption 

The above study on the relationship between media and news consumption habits in the context of COVID-19 has practical implications for the regulation of misinformation/disinformation circulation by relevant policymakers and social media platforms in the future, as well as for the promotion of correct information delivery for news consumers’ self-protection and the enhancement of public health awareness. During the H1N1 pandemic, information that is used to improve protection and prevention is difficult to found on the Internet (Gesualdo et al., 2010). Almost a decade later, polarization in politics and media has the capability to facilitate the diffusion of misinformation/disinformation, and one of the countries where such a situation occurs is the US during COVID-19 (Allcott et al., 2020; Motta et al., 2020). 

Bridgman et al. (2020) state that if a concerted attempt to minimize the amount of misinformation spread on social media cannot be achieved, it is potentially catastrophic that the large-scale social efforts that needed to battle COVID-19 would be compromised. Similarly, on the regulation on social media platforms, Donovan (2020) suggests misinformation spreading on social media poses threats to public health, and joins others in calling on social media platforms to concentrate further on reducing the flow of misinformation.
 
2.6 Research Questions

China, one of the most severely affected countries by COVID-19, has recently achieved some developments in curbing the transmission of the virus (Wang, 2020). In Suzhou, there were dozens of COVID-19 cases and no death case was reported so far (Wang et al., 2020). This may be somewhat due to the effective avoidance of media-facilitated literacy (Liu, 2020). 

However, as a Master’s student in an international joint venture university - Xi’an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, I witnessed and experienced some events that many of my foreign classmates and friends have to adjust their study styles and lifestyles to survive, or to get by. Many foreigners were forced to stay out of China which could be a hardship for them, for those who had to stay in China, or in Suzhou, faced and are still facing a completely different environment (communication, media, lifestyles, etc.), which means they have a more urgent need for information related to COVID-19 than locals, and this information is an important reference point for them to make their next move in the COVID-19. So far, foreigners who live in Suzhou had experienced the COVID-19 outbreak and the New Normal periods. According to the COVID-19 data trackers, the time period of the early COVID-19 outbreak is from January 2020 to April 2020 (Ritchie et al., 2021). The New Normal, can be understood as the post-pandemic era (in China), and unless the world discovers a cure and vaccine for COVID-19, people will have to adapt to live in the new normal (M., 2020). 

Moreover, since the 1918 Spanish Flu, the media environment has evolved a lot, especially since the birth of the Internet. Nowadays, misinformation/disinformation has rampaged through media such as social media, which could be fatal when someone tries to make decisions based on this during the COVID-19. Additionally, because of the emerging situation of COVID-19, there are limited researches focus on how people who live in a different environment consume COVID-19 related news. 

Considering this, I believe my research topic would contribute to current media studies during COVID-19 and have a beneficial impact on how Suzhou authorities or international organizations can better communicate with foreigners living in Suzhou during a public health emergency like COVID-19.

In light of this, I propose my research topic in this dissertation: Surviving the New Normal: A Case Study of How Foreigners Living in Suzhou Consume News in the Presence of the COVID-19 Pandemic.

And the following research questions were therefore formulated.

RQ1: How media environment affects news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou?

Sub-question 1: How media environment affected the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou before the COVID-19?

Sub-question 2: How media environment affects the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou during the COVID-19?

RQ2: How people’s trust in media affects the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou?

Sub-question 1: How people’s trust in media affected the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou before the COVID-19?

Sub-question 2: How people’s trust in the media affects the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou during the COVID-19?

RQ3: How have the different stages of development of the COVID-19 affected the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou?

Sub-question 1: How did the early stages of the COVID-19 outbreak affect the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou?

Sub-question 2: How did the New Normal affect the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou?
 
Chapter 3 Methodology

3.1 Introduction

This research project aims to explore the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou, and is divided into three time periods for probing: Before the COVID-19 in China, COVID-19 during the early outbreak period in China, COVID-19 during the New Normal in China. According to relevant literature, the corresponding timelines are: Before January 2020, from January 2020 to April 2020, From July 2020 until now.

Considering the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic and the nature of the human subjects involved, the following methodologies have been approved by the Principal Investigator’s supervisor and the University Ethics Committee (UEC). The methodology is designed based on the principle that while obtaining the data as accurately as possible no harm should cause to the research subjects.

In this research project, 30 interview invitations were sent in total, with the necessary documents requested by the University Ethics Committee and Principal Investigator. A total of 13 interviews have been completed considering the length of a single interview and the high sensitivity of the interview content. The nationalities of the interviewees include Filipino, Singaporean, Malaysian, Indonesian, Indian, American, Italian, French, and Irish. The ages of the interviewees range from 17 to 56, and their highest levels of education range from the high school diploma to the Ph.D.

3.2 Research Method

This research project adopted an in-depth interview approach, which belongs to the qualitative research method. And the intended research subjects were foreigners who live in Suzhou during the COVID-19 pandemic. The qualitative research method is suitable for producing new perspectives and research evidence on emerging, complex, and relatively under-researched phenomena. (Miles & Huberman, 1994), as is the case with the current study's research subject. Furthermore, since some common patterns are expected to conclude from individuals' answers, this research project can be considered as adopting an inductive approach.

Moreover, compared to the quantitative research method, the in-depth interview approach can get closer to the participants and hear the words they say, and feel the emotions mixed in with their speech. This difficulty in quantifying data gives the in-depth interview an edge in the research related to COVID-19, and human emotions and behaviors. In a study concerning news consumption among young adults, Antunovic et al. (2018) acknowledge that the quantitative method “lack the depth that can be gained from qualitative approaches” (p. 6). Moreover, an in-depth interview can help the researcher has a better and deeper conceptual understanding of the participants, especially in a natural setting that fits in this research project’s research background: In the context of COVID-19. Finally, the process is what the researcher intends to probe instead of the static which is usually accompanied by the quantitative method (Bryman, 2016).

Additionally, this research project used the snowball sampling strategy. This strategy was adopted because, given the sensitivity of the research topic, the trust brought about by the introduction of acquaintances and interconnectedness could dispel potential participants' concerns and make them willing to open up their hearts and talk about what is on their minds in interviews. Also, the sampling approach used in this research project did not attempt to achieve diversity of participants or representativeness.

Furthermore, this research project used a cross-sectional study approach that focuses on how the timeline of COVID-19 impact participants’ news consumption habits.

Participants were invited to take part in a one-on-one interview that lasted approximately one hour, and participation in the research project was voluntary. In consideration of the interviewees' scheduling and health concerns during COVID-19, interviews were conducted in the form of in-person or online meetings.

In communicating with research subjects, the Principal Investigator would provide the Participants Information Sheet and Consent Form to the participants as requested by the University Ethics Committee, so as to fully protect the rights and interests of the participants. In addition, before interviews, interviewees were also provided a Concept Explanation Sheet, which aimed to help them to understand certain concepts and thus better answer interview questions.

Then, according to the development of COVID-19 and the research questions, the interview was designed into six sections.

In the first section, interviewees were asked to provide some basic personal information, such as nationality, age, the highest level of education, and occupation. 

In the second section, a generic problem was used for background mapping: “Could you please describe how COVID-19 has affected your life?” 

Next, in the third section, interviewees were asked to talk about their news consumption habits before the COVID-19 and the reasons for them, such as their daily news consumption routine, their preferred news media, news elements and categories, their trust in various media, their interaction with news, and their corresponding feelings, how interviewees interacted with the people around them regarding the news they have consumed, etc. 

Then, in the fourth and fifth sections, the interview questions that were asked to the interviewees was similar to that of the third section, although the time periods were at the beginning of the COVID-19 outbreak, and the New Normal, respectively. 

Finally, in the sixth section, two questions that were used to compare the news consumption habits over different periods of COVID-19 were posed: “Do you realize any difference in your news reading habits between the two periods (the early COVID-19 outbreak and the New Normal)? In your opinion, what is the main reason for the change in your news reading habits, if any, between the two periods (the early COVID-19 outbreak and the New Normal)?”

3.3 Method of Data Collection

Each interview lasted approximately one hour. With the consent of the interviewees, the contents of the interviews were recorded in the form of audio recordings for later coding and transcription. Also, the interviewees’ privacy and the collected data were kept confidential. 

3.4 Method of Analysis

Firstly, we checked the interview materials without coding the contents (Lindlof, 1995). Next, we carefully analyzed the data collected for potential anomalies in the duration and sequence of answers, since the data were retrieved from different interviewees and under different circumstances.

Then we interpret each interview thoughtfully and coded the contents. In the coding steps, we marked segments of interest concerning news consumption, which included the outcomes brought about by the COVID-19 (e.g., influence, affect, a lot, less, travel, stay, home, family, friend, work, study), time (e.g., morning, noon, afternoon, evening, night, spare time, free time, busy, the early stage, the New Normal), media types and channels (e.g., legacy media, television, print newspaper/magazine, BBC, CNN, word of mouth, social media, group chat, WeChat, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter), and news elements (e.g., immediacy, proximity, prominence, oddity, conflict, suspense, emotion, consequence), and news categories (e.g., health, science, politics, China, world), and interactions with news (e.g., forward, share, ignore, skim), and news consumption attitudes (e.g., sad, worried, anxious, fear, fine, happy, joy, frightened).

On the basis of coding, news consumption habits will be studied in the following sections: news consumers' preferred media channels and frequency of visits (e.g., mainstream media, social media, in the morning, at night), news elements they value (e.g., immediacy, proximity, prominence, oddity, conflict, suspense, emotion, consequence), news categories they like to read (e.g., health, science, politics, China, world, fashion, food), their interactions with the media (e.g., forward, share, ignore, skim), and their attitudes and feelings about the news they consume (e.g., sad, worried, anxious, fear, fine, happy, joy, frightened).














Chapter 4 Results 

4.1 The Influence of Media Environment on News Consumption Habits

RQ1: How media environment affects news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou?

In the aforementioned Literature Review, media environment is categorized as one of the factors that influence people’s news consumption habits. In light of this, the RQ1 is divided into two sub-questions in terms of different time periods.

Sub-question 1: How media environment affected the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou before the COVID-19?

First, in the interviews, most interviewees reported accessing media through the Internet and spending most of their time on mainstream media and social media. However, it can be concluded they consumed social media with a higher frequency.

They admitted that they consume news through digital means, which can be seen as an outcome of the fast-changing media environment brought by the Internet. Websites, news apps, social media, streaming platforms, blogs are now common means to get news, mentioned by interviewees.

Meanwhile, their terminals for consuming news have also mostly shifted from print newspapers and magazines to digital devices, such as cell phones, tablets, laptops, and desktops. The emergence of mobile devices has enabled interviewees to consume news anywhere and anytime. However, some interviewees admitted that they still preferred to consume news at night when they had more free time.

Also, as the digitalization of legacy media, many said they still followed the recognized mainstream media, but just through the Internet, such as BBC, CNN, South China Morning Post. This can be seen as an effort by mainstream media to expand the distribution channels in the trend of convergent journalism, and a counteroffensive to the free information era. As a result, some legacy media such as South China Morning Post has set up a paywall on its websites. Regarding this, one interviewee who is a media professional has subscribed to the South China Morning Post, while some interviewees considered it too commercial and didn’t focus on reporting itself. For legacy media, how to attract news consumers’ attention is still an issue to be addressed.

For most interviewees, their most frequently-used media is social media. Thanks to the algorithms, some admitted that they enjoyed the constant loading of news they are interested in, this applies especially to young interviewees. For mature interviewees, some said they use social media to share and to receive news with their online friends, some complained about the rampaging misinformation/disinformation, some performed digital disconnection from social media or even digital devices, and just to get news from their friends and colleagues. It can be concluded that although social media has brought about many ways for people to consume news, it also has generated many issues for news consumers.

Another noteworthy phenomenon is that some interviewees would like to consume news through multiple channels at the same time, which demonstrate news consumption can be performed simultaneously. one interviewee said,

While using social media, like WeChat, I also watched traditional media, like TV, to watch BBC, CNN, or just let it run in the background.

Second, for interviewees, their most favorite news elements are proximity, conflict, immediacy. It can be seen as a clue that dramatic news, news related to self-interest, news with timeliness is easier to catch the eyes of news consumers. However, for misinformation/disinformation, relevant content that contains the aforementioned news elements is more likely to be disseminated.

Meanwhile, in terms of finding news stories, some said they might encounter news via their habitual news outlets, which can be considered routine surveillance (Antunovic et al., 2018). Some reported that find news through news feeds, push notifications from apps, or just chats with people, which can be considered incidental exposure (Antunovic et al., 2018). Few would actively search for more news sources and information if they were interested in certain news topics, which can be seen as directed consumption.

Third, when it comes to the news categories that news consumers like to read before COVID-19, the interviews show that there is no clear trend for each having their own taste. However, considering all interviewees are living in Suzhou, they showed more interest in Chinese news because of proximity.

Fourth, when referring to interviewees’ interactions with the media, most admitted that they were more likely to share the news if they saw it on social media, and they were given a greater chance to disseminate or comment on news that relates to their home countries or may involve their interests, news consumers said.

Fifth, for interviewees’ attitudes and feelings about the news they consume, a majority said they felt neutral most of the time. However, as noted above, when interviewees encountered news that was related to proximity and conflict news consumers’ emotions were more likely to be evoked and triggered further news consumption behaviors such as forwarding and commenting on news articles.

Sub-question 2: How media environment affects the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou during the COVID-19?

First, most interviewees said they spent more time on social media with a higher frequency due to their need for social interaction. During the development of COVID-19, most media have set their own agenda for reporting COVID-19 cases, preventative measures, governments’ movements, people’s protests, and everything regarding the outcomes caused by COVID-19. More than half of the interviewees emphasized that they had an urgent need to access immediate and accurate statistics concerning COVID-19 for future decisions. As a result, most interviewees said although their news consumption habits on media channels have not changed much during the early stage of COVID-19, they spent more time consuming COVID-19 related news in order to make decisions that were associated with their survival. Additionally, another noteworthy phenomenon was that most interviewees said they spent more time, especially on social media not just reading relevant news but also shared or commented on the news with each other in a higher frequency. It could also be the consequences of the rampaging misinformation/disinformation regarding COVID-19, in which several interviewees reported they had to take more time to verify the news sources. These aforementioned phenomena could be explained with the uses and gratifications approach, where news consumers use media to satisfy their various needs such as seeking information and social interaction (Katz et al.,1973; Diddi & La Rose, 2006; Rubin, 1983).

Additionally, most interviewees said they have expanded their local news sources such as China Central Television and China News Agency to figure out what was going on in China or even Suzhou, considering most of their frequently-viewed media outlets are based in the Western countries and the corresponding news reports could be biased.

Second, and third, during COVID-19, news with proximity and immediacy, news in health, China, science, and politics received more attention from individuals than before the pandemic outbreak. It is apparent that interviewees have placed the highest priority on their survival in the COVID-19.

Furthermore, we assess the extent to which interviewees consume COVID-19 related news. Although some said that initially, they read very carefully on the news stories related to COVID-19 driven by their survival instincts, after being flooded with so much information, they experienced information overload and took action to deal with this problem. One interviewee said,

Sometimes skimmed it, just got tired.

Fourth, the interactions between the interviewees and the media reached a very high level. Some have reported that as long as their phones were in their hands, they would refresh major news applications as well as social media messages very frequently and spent a lot of time and energy on identifying misinformation/disinformation because this is related to their lives. It can be seen that they spent more time on social media with a higher frequency due to their need for social interaction.

Fifth, all interviewees indicated that news consumption during COVID-19 would cause their emotions to rise and fall and their attitudes toward news would be more closely related to news content because of the media's agenda related to COVID-19. More than half of the interviewees said they experienced negative attitudes such as arrogance, cynicism, hostility, distrust, depression, and suspicion during news consumption related to COVID-19. Once again, it can be seen that the media environment's reaction to current events has a great influence and guidance on the news consumers' perception of the corresponding events.

4.2 The Influence of People’s Trust in Media on News Consumption Habits

RQ2: How people’s trust in media affects the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou?

Trust can be one significant factor in people’s news consumption habits. It not only relates to news consumers’ attitudes towards news stories but also influences their digestion and interaction with news.

Sub-question 1: How people’s trust in media affected the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou before the COVID-19?

First, prior to COVID-19, all interviewees stated their preference for mainstream media and social media despite the fact that people’s trust in these two media varies, and that these news consumers would like to read news online in their spare time, such as in the evenings and weekends.

In the interviews, no single interviewee claims their total trust in one single media outlet, which shows their media literacy to some extent. Overall, interviewees' trust in mainstream media is higher than Internet-based media (e.g., social media, blogs, forums, streaming platforms). One interviewee said,

Anyone can post anything (on social media).

For interviewees who have relatively higher levels of education, they more preferred to consume news in their own ways regardless of from which media channels, and tended to trust more on the news that was circulated in their own small social groups (e.g., small size WeChat group chat). One interviewee said,

I always doubt everything first.

Considering this, more than half of the interviewees argued that they would try to verify the news if they were genuinely interested in news messages or relying on the news for decision-making, and this is the time when critical thinking comes into play. They usually use search engines (e.g., Google) or the search box on social media (e.g., Facebook, Twitter) to search key words concerning certain incidents or writers. One interview said,

Sometimes. If it's a news source that I trust, I might not (verify it). But if someone shares me a story, and I'm thinking I've never heard of this organization before then I would it look.

However, for a few interviewees who might prefer to consume news through word of mouth (e.g., friends, colleagues) rather than print or digital media, they may not bother to verify the news. because news consumers felt they had more important things to do, and therefore they were more inclined to avoid spending too much time on news consumption.

Second, and third, as in the sub-question 1 of the RQ1, most interviewees still said they paid more attention to proximity, conflict, immediacy, and they have no clear preference for news categories due to the diversity. From this, we can see that in everyday situations, the habits of news consumers are relatively fixed and cannot be easily changed.

Fourth, and fifth, an interesting phenomenon was observed in the interviews. The low trust in news messages could result in  negative attitudes and the high frequency of news participation behavior of news consumers. For example, some interviewees might share or comment on several pieces of fake news to warn their friends or family members about the authenticity of the news with anger. This finding is consistent with Fletcher and Park’s (2017) research observation, in which negative feelings brought about by people’s low trust in media can trigger a higher volume of news participation.

Sub-question 2: How people’s trust in the media affects the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou during the COVID-19?

First, as in the sub-question 1 of the RQ1, interviewees’ preferred media channels were still mainstream media and social media. However, they consumed news in a high frequency of visits in the context of COVID-19, and news consumers would like to visit news sources with a higher trust level. 

Since the COVID-19 outbreak, almost all interviewees mentioned their trust in media has declined, especially in social media. They performed more crosscheck actions on news sources to find out what was truly going on behind various incidents, which posed a great challenge to their own media literacy, especially critical thinking abilities. However, interviewees’ trust in legacy media were still higher than Internet-based media, especially social media:

Interviewee 1#: (I) partly trust them (media), (I want to) not to stay neutral … (legacy media are) more reliable than social media, (I) want to hear more different voices.

Interviewee 2#: From January to April, a lot of my information was through either WeChat or Instagram or YouTube and other social media sites, I found it hard to just trust them, because anyone can post anything.

Interviewee 3#: Social media got lots of different or extreme opinions regarding COVID-19. People got affected a lot by biased news, so (I decided) not to trust a lot of social media websites.

Also, because of the fact that anyone can post anything on websites. I just don't completely trust a news source.

Interviewee 4#: The statistics posted on social media were not authentic, (they were) manipulated. COVID-19 cases (in China) were not as high as those in other countries, (I) found it very strange, hard to fully trust social media sites.

Second, as most interviewees said they used social media primarily to get the latest news, they emphasized more immediacy, proximity. However, it also led them to confront fake news with a higher level of possibility. Most admitted that they came across misinformation/disinformation regarding almost all aspects of the COVID-19 pandemic: the speculation about the origin of the virus in the early stages of COVID-19, the disclosure of the true number of COVID-19 cases in each country, the angles of news coverage in political polarization circumstances in the New Normal. All of these have impeded the flow of the correct information, caused the intensification of the echo chamber and filter bubble phenomena, and led to a sharp decline in the interviewees' trust in the media.

Furthermore, speaking of the biased news which results in news consumers’ dropping confidence in media. Some expressed their perspectives on the Chinese and Western media's position on COVID-19 coverage:

Interviewee 1#: Outside of WeChat, there was much news in China, but seems to be Americanized/biased, a lot of western news at that time was very biased, anti-China, which very frustrated me. So I ended up sticking majorly to Chinese new sources, because I wanted statistics and didn’t want Western biased news, so guess that's why I stuck to Chinese media like I could find many Chinese news sources in WeChat. And I also found Chinese news in English in WeChat, so I stuck in WeChat.

Interviewee 2#: (I) realized some issues that were going on in Indonesia were not reported, (and I) got narrow-minded because just simply read it.

Interviewee 3#: (The) Western media underreported events a lot in the East, and other countries that within the atmosphere.

Interviewee 4#: Yes. In the beginning we did not really focus on the people around the world, we only looked at ourselves. Now we look at things at a much wider perspective, we have to look at every aspect of our lives, for it can affects other persons … we are living in a global world that any actions we done can affect other persons.

Third, it could be observed that more than half of the interviewees indicated that they focused more on health, science, and China news during COVID-19. Additionally, despite interviewees’ decreased trust in media, there was a tendency that they paid more attention to the political news. One interviewee's conversation in one of the interviews might explain this trend,

Politics is like, sometimes politics can play as a rule in making this event better or worse, as you know that some governments would take some measures to prevent it (COVID-19), so we have to look at the politics' system or environment in the country.

Fourth, continuing changes in trust in the media also influence news consumers' attitudes and feelings about the corresponding news stories and changed their behavior accordingly. Most interviewees expressed their negative feelings regarding the COVID-19 news:

Interviewee 1#: When reading news, (I) felt disappointed, because some countries could not tackle this problem efficiently, and affect every aspect of our lives, making our activities restrained, not as free as ever.

Interviewee 2#: Sad about what's happened in my country.

Interviewee 3#: Tired, scared, worried,

Interviewee 4#: Sadness, friends’ really in difficult studying situation compared to me.

Fifth, as a result, some interviewees reported their attitudes after being influenced by emotions. A young interviewee said,

(I) became more skeptical, because of news quality varies.

An interviewee who has a family in her own country said,

(I felt) uncertain, I could not literally trust the news, my worry was brought up by kids and family.

Meanwhile, it was clear that some were trying to control the amount of news they consumed, or had simply lost interest in following what was going on:

Interviewee 1#: (I) don’t feel anxious, because I am mature enough, as an adult I know what to know.

Interviewee 2#: (I have) less negative feeling,

Interviewee 3#: (I feel) less stressed, but still a little bit worried about family in the US.

An interviewee said she would look for more positive news from reliable news sources, such as the development of the COVID-19 vaccine:

Interviewee 1#: (I felt) relief about the vaccine.

4.3 The Influence of the Public Health Emergency (COVID-19) on News Consumption Habits

RQ3: How have the different stages of development of the COVID-19 affected the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou?

Public health emergency, as an abrupt event, has the potential to alter the living environment of the affected population and thus change their perceptions and behaviors accordingly. In light of this, it can be seen as one of the factors which can influence news consumers’ habits. Therefore, the COVID-19 pandemic, defined by the World Health Organization (2020) as “a Public Health Emergency of International Concern (PHEIC)” (para. 1), affects people's news consumption habits over different time periods.

Sub-question 1: How did the early stages of the COVID-19 outbreak affect the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou?

First, during the early COVID-19 outbreak, driven by health awareness and other motivations, most interviewees said they consumed more news on social media, especially COVID-19 news, and their interaction with news and people soared, especially on social media. Also, the news consumption mode they used more frequently is the directed consumption.

Second, and third, almost all interviewees indicated that they were more in favor of news categories regarding the development of COVID-19 and their survival, such as health, science, China, and the world, which are commonly constructed by news elements such as immediacy, proximity, emotion, consequence, and conflict. They consumed such news with increased intensity and length. As a result, they were more likely to encounter misinformation/disinformation related to COVID-19. One interviewee said,

And then another group of people who were maybe sharing other information that I didn't agree with, like articles from news organizations, like do trust about how maybe wearing a mask is not so helpful or not even good for you or the coronavirus is a hoax, you know.

Fourth, in the context of COVID-19, more than half of interviewees said they consume news in a more comprehensive, more lengthy, and more engaging way. The interviews demonstrate that they actively searched and digested information with specific purposes such as personal communication, self-protection, safety of family members, travel arrangement:

Interviewee 1#: Tell friends about my situations and city that I stay.

Interviewee 2#: China is well-organized. Show them that I am well off.

Interviewee 3#: Um, I was hoping to influence their behavior in terms of wearing masks. That was a thing they would wear masks and do all the things that we know that are helpful to control the coronavirus, because I was worried about them. And also, if I would see information about, Oh, the number of cases in their area was increasing, I would make sure that they knew.

However, some reported that they would like to stay calm and didn’t want to fuel the already chaotic flood of information. One interviewee said,

Not really (shared news). I didn't want to transmit any false information.

Fifth, having consumed so much news, every interviewee said they have learned how to take preventative measures, such as wearing masks and bringing hand sanitizer. This finding is consistent with Lo and Wei’s (2002) research on the third-person effect, in which a higher exposure to news is likely to be positively correlated with higher consumption effects on oneself and others.

Sub-question 2: How did the New Normal affect the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou?

First, most interviewees said they read more news on mainstream media instead of social media because of their previous experience, and compared to the early COVID-19 outbreak, the frequency of news consumption dropped dramatically. In the New Normal, having been following COVID-19 news for a long time, several interviewees reported they got tired or even exhausted from information overload. As a consequence, they consumed less in terms of intensity and length, not to mention their interaction with news:

Interviewee 1#: Got (my) own opinions, feels a little indifferent.

Interviewee 2#: (I) initially read it a lot and got scared, but after getting more and more, (I) just ignored it because way too many, or skim through it, contents were very repetitive, because already seen or read it on WeChat or TV.

Interviewee 3#: Not as often, because everyone got tired of hearing COVID-19 related news.

Interviewee 4#: In the early months I followed the spread of COVID-19 but after a few months I stopped.

Interviewee 5#: I just lost interest, perhaps because I’ve in China and here the pandemic died down while it soared abroad.

Also, some have returned to their original news consumption habits, considering they don’t need to search for information to survive and gradually resumed their original rhythm of life:

Interviewee 1#: I would say I've kind of gone back to my previous habits of looking at articles that others recommended on social media and occasionally looking things for myself.

Interviewee 2#: I've kind of reverted away from just being glued to the statistics of what's happening, especially with COVID all the time.

However, for news consumers who care about their friends and family who are not with them, they still keep forwarding and sharing COVID-19 news to warn of the potential threats. As a result, some interviewees said they focused more on their own countries rather than China:

Interviewee 1#: Because the situation has improved there, I guess. I think my practice for sharing on Facebook has not changed because I still have so much concern for my friends and family and others who live in my homestay.

Interviewee 2#: Sometimes I would repost because I thought, at least it's not coming from some media source. Maybe the people who tend to believe the conspiracy theories might listen to that.

Interviewee 3#: Two months ago, I became more interested in my countries' situations.

Interviewee 4#: I care about my family and friends, and want to find relevant topics to talk with.

Second, another striking scenario in the interviews is that the categories of news consumed by the interviewees have changed. Most said while they still keeping a close eye on the health news for future preparation, they paid more attention to the political news, and the world news as the situation of COVID-19 outside of China has been worsening. One interviewee said, 

Since July, (I) mainly focused on the rest of the world.

Third, news elements such as conflict and emotion have caught the eye of most interviewees. Countries, notably the United States, have failed to respond effectively to the dramatic spread of the coronavirus due to various factors such as political polarization, not to mention, the U.S. just went through one of the most turbulent presidential elections in history:

Interviewee 1#: American politics, because a lot of riots at that moments, thus (was) reading a lot on American politics during that time.

Interviewee 2#: A lot of politics, a lot of US politics, especially with the election and this last period, there was a lot of politics. Um, and then also health news because of COVID.

Meanwhile, a few interviewees who are already in China said they are monitoring China’s political environment as well, and believe it will involve many policy changes that concern them, such as visa policy and border control policies:

Interviewee 1#: China's conflict with other countries in terms of politics, races, vaccine, border policies,

Interviewee 2#: Trying to be aware of what is going on in China and the rest of the world, because as foreigners I don't belong to this country, keep an eye on the possibility of staying in or out of China, because I am here on a visa, worried about the visa procedure.

Fourth, and fifth, nearly every interviewee said they began to seek out the available news regarding the efficacy of the vaccine, the timing of the vaccination, and the vaccination procedure, which means they consume similar news messages with more positive emotions like relief, gratitude, and hope. One interviewee said,

Now (I) have a good understanding of this virus, and instead of finding how to stay safe, (I) check more on what's going happen next, when do we get vaccine, which vaccine is good, do I want to get a vaccine.
 
Chapter 5 Discussion and Implications

5.1 Summary of Results

Before answering the aforementioned three research questions, a background mapping question was designed to investigate how COVID-19 has influenced foreigners who live in Suzhou, considering the changes in the way they live, work, study, and communicate with the outside world, as well as the multiple effects that had on their abilities to continue the rhythm of their previous lives. These effects will have a significant impact on the news consumption habits they rely on to make actionable decisions.

In terms of the question:” Could you please describe how COVID-19 has affected your life?” Several aspects can be summarized as follows.

First, travel. For expatriates living in Suzhou, the sudden COVID-19 outbreak and the following a series of government-issued policies, such as home quarantine policies and social distancing policies have limited their freedom to travel. They could not fly back to their home countries because of the border control policies and the worries of quarantine. Moreover, their mobility in China has also encountered several barriers. They had to register several health codes if they intended to do cross-province or even cross-city travels, which could be somewhat troublesome due to the lack of detailed guidance. 

Additionally, in the early days of the COVID-19 outbreak, the pandemic was more serious in some parts of China, and the government's blockade to prevent the spread of the epidemic forced some interviewees to discourage their thoughts of traveling within China.

Likewise, interviewees’ freedom of traveling in Suzhou had been limited, because, at the early stage of COVID-19, local authorities have not yet released any guidance and procedures on how foreigners register for their own health code. As a result, some interviewees could not get access to malls or restaurants. 

Also, some admitted because of the restrictions on the public transportation system and the relatively-less friendly inspection system for foreigners, they rely more on taxis (e.g., Didi), electronic bicycles, and bicycles.

Second, work. Few reported their changes of jobs, most admitted that they moved to work from home, and some said that initially they were not used to the working pattern due to the blurred boundary between work and life, but after performing the working mode for a while, they became accustomed to it regardless of their willingness.

Meanwhile, for interviewees who work in Suzhou because of the shrinking job market brought about by the COVID-19, and the need to keep the current jobs so as to support their families, most admitted that they have become more cautious and serious about their daily work duties, and some have even voluntarily worked for more hours with or without overtime pay.

In light of the challenges posed by COVID-19, several interviewees expressed that they have focused more on COVID-19 due to their professional sensitivities, and would like to explore more potential opportunities for their future development or the contribution of combating COVID-19. For several of the interviewees, COVID-19 also had an impact on their teaching or learning styles.

In the wake of the COVID-19 outbreak, many schools have switched from on-site learning to online learning in order to prevent the spread of infections, which has created a number of challenges to teachers and students. For teachers, several interviewees said their interactions with students have decreased and, as a result, they spent more time familiarizing themselves with online teaching equipment and technology, preparing teaching content, and not knowing how well were their new teaching methods simply because of students’ silent response and fatigue. They had to fight in their own way or with support from the schools.

For students, some said they had to stay outside China due to the constantly changing border control policies, and for those who were in Suzhou, they also kept an eye on the visa policies, fearing they could not complete their study programs in time.

Also, as learning activities moved online, some interviewees reported their discomfort with online education and the negative emotions that came with it. It is similar to the feeling of the teachers mentioned above, students argued they preferred a face-to-face learning method and had to spend more time studying. The situation could be worse when they performed group work considering some group members were not in the same time zone. As a result, some interviewees said they slept later than usual, and experienced anxiety, frustration, fear, and other relevant feelings. However, as time went by, most had to accept the online learning condition and tried to get accustomed to it.

Third, social life. Having been hindered by the distancing policies and the travel restrictions, most interviewees said their connections with families and friends have moved online. For families living separately, some interviewees said they had to adjust to spending a long time without each other, and both sides were trying to figure out the ongoing COVID-19 situation in other’s area. Considering the news they exchanged through digital means such as social media, it might increase the circulation of misinformation/disinformation. For those who went out for social life with friends, some said they would wear masks and bring hand sanitizer with them due to the rise of health awareness. Eventually, some stated that they got more mature in relationships with families and friendships.

Fourth, discrimination. Discrimination is oftentimes associated with race. For interviewees, it seems like they encountered more discrimination incidents against them during COVID-19. Subsequently, the word Suzhou Foreign Affairs Bureau was mentioned by interviewees several times when they tried to reach out for help. It shows that Suzhou government has realized the significance of protecting foreigners’ interests and rights, and established a communication channel with this group. However, in terms of raising the awareness of the openness and tolerance of Suzhou people in a multiracial dimension, and to reduce the incidents of discrimination against foreign groups, there is much that the Suzhou government can do.

Subsequently, while the interviewees encountered the above dilemmas, our findings support the role of the media environment and institutional trust in deciding news consumption habits and provide evidence that the public health emergency shapes news consumers’ accumulation of health awareness, their abilities to detect misinformation/disinformation, and attitudes related to COVID-19.

This research project investigates how foreigners living in Suzhou consumed news during the COVID-19 pandemic under three impact factors: media environment, people’s trust in media, and public health emergency (COVID-19).

First, media environment. With the Internet rapidly shaping the current media environment, more than 90% of interviewees reported consuming COVID-19 news on digital devices and digital media with greater intensity and breadth, which is consistent with Johnson and Hariharan’s (2017) findings. And surprisingly, legacy media are still holding on the higher grounds with their strategies in focusing on digital distribution channels. However, more than half of the interviewees said they have encountered several issues regarding consuming news online, such as information overload, “echo chamber” and “filter bubble”. As a result, many shifted their focus to news categories and news elements to alleviate the drawbacks of consuming news in the current media environment. 

Second, people’s trust in media. Compared to the period before the COVID-19 outbreak, a study conducted by Casero-Ripolles (2020) showed that increased consumption of COVID-19 news did not result in a substantial increase in media trust during COVID-19. However, in this research project, the finding shows that news consumers’ trust in media has decreased significantly because of the misinformation /disinformation they have encountered. Moreover, some said they have abandoned parts of their previously favorite media outlets, and sought out more reliable news sources for their informational needs. While interviewees relied most on social media for news, their trust in social media was at its lowest.

Third, a public health emergency. COVID-19, as the most severe global public health emergency since the 1918 Spanish Flu, has brought several changes for news consumers. In face of the difficulties caused by COVID-19, interviewees’ new consumption patterns have mostly shifted from routine surveillance or incidental exposure to directed consumption based on their survival instincts. Moreover, news consumers focused more on health news, science news, China news, world news, and political news as the COVID-19 evolved from the early stage to the New Normal in China. Also, this research project indicates that news consumption about the COVID-19 is nearly prevalent in older age groups, and such a similar conclusion can be found in Casero-Ripolles’ (2020) study as well. Considering this, news consumers’ multiple concerns can be seen as the causes of their consumption behaviors, such as health awareness, the safety of friends and family members, and communication with people. 

The interviewees' statements in interviews demonstrated manifests that in vital circumstances of high difficulty and danger to human life, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, people consider the hunt for facts and the follow-up of news to be essential activities.

Meanwhile, the interviews affirm the predominance of legacy media. These media achieve higher percentages, both in terms of news consumption and favorable appraisal of news coverage, related to media credibility and confidence.

Likewise, in echo to the concept of the hybrid media system that Chadwick (2017) brings up, despite the fact that legacy media have the highest percentages of news consumption and trust, Internet-based media (e.g., websites, social media, blogs) are experiencing significant increases compared to the period prior to the COVID-19.

Therefore, it can be concluded that the research subjects who chose to consume news in the manner described above were meant to remain connected, to use existing resources to make decisions for the future, and ultimately to survive during COVID-19.

5.2 Discussion of the Findings in Relation to the Literature Review

This research project revealed that the vast majority of interviewees relied on news sources from both legacy media and social media.

In the current media environment, although the influence of legacy media has diminished compared to the past because of the proliferation of Internet-based media (Bruns & Highﬁeld, 2012), the Internet has also opened up possibilities for legacy media to expand their business into new distribution channels.

According to Antunovic’s (2018) classification of news consumption patterns, interviews revealed that more than half of the interviewees mentioned that they were accustomed to using digital devices and digital channels to get news messages, and it can be observed that most news consumers used social media in the terms of routine surveillance and incidental exposure during their leisure time. 

However, in the case of directed consumption, most interviewees preferred to obtain and further filtered news information in legacy media. Meanwhile, social media has also brought about many issues such as information overload (Bennett & Livingston, 2018), echo chambers (Sunstein, 2001), filter bubbles (Pariser, 2011), and polarization in discourse (Aelst et al., 2017). Considering this, although social media is the most favorite channel for most interviewees to digest the news, they are becoming more aware of the consequential negative effects that are driven by multiple factors such as algorithms and are taking corresponding actions to cope with it. 

Additionally, regarding people’s trust in media, we discovered that interviewees who have a bachelor's degree or higher might have lower trust in media, and were more likely to actively search news actively and to take preventative measures such as buying masks. For younger interviewees who only have a high school diploma, they were more confused about where to find trustworthy media for relevant information. This finding is consistent with Rosenbaum et al.’s (2008) research outcome that media literacy, particularly critical thinking, plays an important part in news consumers' perceptions and behaviors in trusting media.

Moreover, during the COVID-19 outbreak, Dhanani and Franz (2020) state that news consumption habit is closely related to the consumption of and the disposition of misinformation/disinformation regarding COVID-19. In this research project, as the COVID-19 situation in China winds down, more than half of the interviewees mentioned that they paid more attention to the development of COVID-19 in their own countries such as the United States. News consumers are more focused on interacting with friends and family members overseas in terms of news consumption habits, alerting them to timely and correct news information, and to take the right precautions. It is not surprising that the interviewees consumed news in an aforementioned manner, a research report shows that 30% of Americans believe COVID-19 was developed in a laboratory, and most Americans admit that news reports exaggerate the risks associated with the coronavirus (Mitchell & Oliphant, 2020).

5.3 Practical Implications

The COVID-19 pandemic not only has served the most distant and less interested people in the news in order to reconnect with knowledge about public health emergency, but also has partly reduced current inequality between people in terms of news consumption, equalized access for citizens, and informative activities, and created positive results for fewer infections.

For foreign individuals living in Suzhou, studying their news consumption behavior during the COVID-19 can help the local community to provide practical, timely, and accurate information such as self-protection instructions, the latest local COVID-19 prevention policies, thus minimizing the information vacuum period for foreigners during a public health emergency. This advice remains actionable in the post-epidemic era in China.

In addition, the interviewees also mentioned that their consumption habits have changed accordingly to deal with the rising prejudice and discrimination brought by polarized media. This research project shows how diverse media have framed and repeated news messages that stigmatize foreigners, and encouraged social judgments and discriminatory behaviors. Consequently, for the Suzhou government, this phenomenon of discrimination can affect the external image of Suzhou, and it can also damage the rapport of the international community. Therefore, it is worthwhile for the media authorities in Suzhou to investigate how to reduce the distribution and circulation of the discriminatory news that the interviewees have been talking about.

Moreover, as more and more Internet users have learned to search for health details, the Internet has played a crucial role as a source of information on influenza H1N1 (Bennett & Glasgow, 2009). Therefore, for local health organizations such as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), a privileged information dissemination strategy should be to provide adequate preventive advice on the web to users who usually surf the web for COVID-19 news. Granted that, health communication campaigns can be more tailored to people's needs such as going digital and prioritizing important messages. Kim (2015) indicates that media features and editorial relevance to the news have direct consequences for Internet-based public health outreach initiatives, where news messages and their placement on the website are considered important.

5.4 Limitations of the Research Project and Recommendations

The results of this research project provide clues on the public’s awareness and knowledge of foreign groups and strategies for preventing the COVID-19 pandemic. 

However, the study's most significant drawback is that only a small proportion of the population was interviewed and all the data collected from interviewees was more in the retrospective aspect, so due to socially desirable attitudes and interspersed emotions, there may have been some reporting bias.

This research project, as qualitative research, has an advantage in capturing dynamic attitudes within a target group and explaining something that numbers alone are unable to display (Bryman, 2016). However, as Lunt and Livingstone (1996) pointed out that the qualitative research method “may be as problematic to assume that findings for a particular category of respondent do not generalize to other categories (or other times or places) as it is to assume that they do, as both assumptions are comparative” (p. 93). Therefore, considering the number of participants involved in this research project, further study is essential to evaluate the effects of the three-stage consumption of news of the target group.

Although this research project focused primarily on the consumption facet of news content, more dynamic aspects of news consumer behavior should be considered in future studies, such as news forwarding, augmentation and selection, and their connections to news consumption. Consumers who use modern techniques for surviving a public health emergency in different aspects of news-sensing can also demonstrate complex behaviors when exchanging news information with others. With regards to this, it can help news corporations better attract their audience in a niche market by recognizing potential similarities and trends.

Furthermore, although this research project was conducted between November and December of 2020, as well as China has entered a post-pandemic period, the situation of the COVID-19 continues to worsen as temperatures decrease globally. Currently, China has seen sporadic outbreaks of COVID-19 in several northern regions, not to mention the US and Europe are currently experiencing a COVID-19 outbreak, both of which present new challenges for future research. 

Moreover, because news consumption habits were evaluated early in the COVID-19 surge, our findings may shift as people’s interactions with their overseas friends and family members change, China's COVID-19 cases evolve, and more corresponding studies are conducted. In addition, the volume and forms of misinformation/disinformation spread have also risen and more analysis is required to determine the more nuanced news behaviors and attitudes triggered by the virus’s severity.


Word count: 15958 
References

Aelst, P.V., Strömbäck, J., Aalberg, T., Esser, F., vreese, C.H., Matthes, J., Hopmann, … Stanyer, J. (2017). Political communication in a high-choice media environment: a challenge for democracy? Annals of the International Communication Association, 41(1), 3-27. doi:10.1080/23808985.2017.1288551

Ahlers, D. (2006). News consumption and the new electronic media. Harvard International Journal of Press/Politics, 11(1), pp. 29–52.

Al-Dmour, H., Masa'deh, R., Salman, A., Abuhashesh, M., & Al-Dmour, R. (2020). Influence of Social Media Platforms on Public Health Protection Against the COVID-19 Pandemic via the Mediating Effects of Public Health Awareness and Behavioral Changes: Integrated Model. Journal of medical Internet research, 22(8), e19996, 1-15. doi:10.2196/19996

Aldoory, L., & Van Dyke, M. A. (2006). The roles of perceived ‘shared’ involvement and information overload in understanding how audiences make meaning of news
about bioterrorism. Journalism & Mass Communication Quarterly, 83(2), 346–361.

Allcott, H., Boxell, L., Conway, J. C., Gentzkow, M., Thaler, M., & Yang, D. Y. (2020). Polarization and Public Health: Partisan Differences in Social Distancing during the Coronavirus Pandemic (Working Paper No. 26946; Working Paper Series). National Bureau of Economic Research. doi:10.3386/w26946

Anderson, A. (2009). Media, Politics and Climate Change: Towards a New Research Agenda. Sociology Compass, 3(2), 166-182. doi:10.1111/j.1751-9020.2008.00188.x

Antunovic, D., Parsons, P., & Cooke, T. R. (2018). ‘Checking’ and googling: Stages of news consumption among young adults. Journalism, 19(5), 632–648. doi: 10.1177/1464884916663625

Ariyanti, A. (2012). Hubungan Antara Tingkat Kebutuhan Konsumsi Informasi dan Kualitas Isi Media Dengan Loyalitas Pembaca (Studi Pada Harian Meteor Terkait Perubahan Dari Koran Kuning ke Koran Umum). Interaksi: Jurnal Ilmu Komunikasi, 1(1), 65-76. doi:10.14710/interaksi.1.1.65-76

Atton, C. (2002). Alternative media. London: SAGE Publications.

Aufderheide, P., & Firestone, C. (1993). Media literacy: A report of the national leadership conference on media literacy. Aspen Institute: Aspen Institute.

Bandura, A. (2004). Health promotion by social cognitive means. Health education & behavior: the official publication of the Society for Public Health Education, 31(2), 143–164. doi:10.1177/1090198104263660

Barlett, C. P., Vowels, C. L., & Saucier, D. A. (2008). Meta-analyses of the effects of media images on men's body-image concerns. Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology, 27(3), 279–310. doi:10.1521/jscp.2008.27.3.279

Bennett, G. G., & Glasgow, R. E. (2009). The delivery of public health interventions via the Internet: actualizing their potential. Annual review of public health, 30, 273–292. doi:10.1146/annurev.publhealth.031308.100235

Bennett, W. L., & Livingston, S. (2018). The disinformation order: Disruptive communication and the decline of democratic institutions. European journal of communication, 33(2), pp. 122-139. doi:10.1177/0267323118760317

Bennett, W., & Pfetsch, B. (2018). Rethinking Political Communication in a Time of Disrupted Public Spheres. Journal of Communication, 68(2), 243-253.
Berger, J. (2013). Contagious: Why things catch on. NewYork: Simon & Schuster.

Berger, J. (2014). Word of mouth and interpersonal communication: A review and directions for future research. Journal of Consumer Psychology, 24(4), 586–607. doi:10.1016/j.jcps.2014.05.002

Berger, J., & Milkman, K. L. (2012). What makes online content viral? Journal of Marketing Research, 49(2), 192–205. doi:10.1509/jmr.10.0353

Berkowitz, D., & Adams, D. B. (1990). Information Subsidy and Agenda-Building in Local Television News. Journalism Quarterly, 67(4), 723–731. doi:10.1177/107769909006700426

Bozdag, E. (2013). Bias in algorithmic filtering and personalization. Ethics Inf Technol, 15, 209–227. doi:10.1007/s10676-013-9321-6

Bridgman, A., Merkley, E., Loewen, P., Owen, T., Ruths, D., Teichmann, L., & Zhilin, O. (2020). The causes and consequences of COVID-19 misperceptions: understanding the role of news and social media. The Harvard Kennedy School Misinformation Review, Volume 1, 1-18.

Bruns, A., & Highfield, T. (2012). Blogs, Twitter, and breaking news: The produsage of citizen journalism. In R. A. Lind (Ed.), Produsing Theory in a Digital World: The Intersection of Audiences and Production in Contemporary Theory, (pp. 15–32). Bern: Peter Lang Inc.

Bryman, A. (2016). Social Research Methods. Oxford: Oxford University Press.

Bucher, T. (2020). Nothing to disconnect from? Being singular plural in an age of machine learning. Media, Culture & Society, 42(4), 610–617. doi:10.1177/0163443720914028

Cacioppo, J. T., & Patrick, W. (2008). Loneliness: Human nature and the need for social connection. New York: Norton.

Cappella, J. N., Kim, H. S., & Albarracín, D. (2015). Selection and Transmission Processes for Information in the Emerging Media Environment: Psychological Motives and Message Characteristics. Media psychology, 18(3), 396–424. doi:10.1080/15213269.2014.941112

Casero-Ripollés, A. (2018). Research on political information and social media: Key points and challenges for the future. El profesional de la información, 27(5), pp. 964-974. doi:10.3145/epi.2018.sep.01

Casero-Ripolles, A. (2020). Impact of Covid-19 on the media system. Communicative and democratic consequences of news consumption during the outbreak. Profesional De La Información, 29(2). doi.org:10.3145/epi.2020.mar.23

Chadwick, A. (2017). The hybrid media system: Politics and power. Oxford: Oxford University Press. 

Chiu, A. (2020). Trump Calling Coronavirus ‘Chinese virus’ Encourages Racism Against Asian Americans, Experts Say. Retrieved from https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2020/03/20/coronavirus-trump-chinese-virus/

Choo, C. W., Detlor, B., & Turnbull, D. (2000). Information seeking on the Web: An integrated model of browsing and searching. First Monday, 5(2). doi:10.5210/fm.v5i2.729

Coleman, R., Thorson, E., & Wilkins, L. (2011). Testing the effect of framing and sourcing in health news stories. Journal of health communication, 16(9), 941–954. doi:10.1080/10810730.2011.561918

Cooke, N.A. (2017). Posttruth, Truthiness, and Alternative Facts: Information Behavior and Critical Information Consumption for a New Age. The Library Quarterly, 87(3), 211 - 221. doi:10.1086/692298

Coyer, K., Dowmunt, T., & Fountain, A. (2007). Mainstream or alternative media? In J. Curran (Ed.), The Alternative Media Handbook (pp. 141-154). Abingdon: Routledge.

Denning, P. J. (2006). Infoglut. Communications of the ACM, 49(7), 15-19. doi:10.1145/1139922.1139936

Dhanani, L.Y., & Franz, B. (2020). The Role of News Consumption and Trust in Public Health Leadership in Shaping COVID-19 Knowledge and Prejudice. Front. Psychol. 11, 1-13. doi: 10.3389/fpsyg.2020.560828

Dhoju, S., Rony, M.M., Kabir, M., & Hassan, N. (2019). Differences in Health News from Reliable and Unreliable Media. Companion Proceedings of the 2019 World Wide Web Conference. New York: United States. 981-981.  doi:10.1145/3308560.3316741

Diddi, A. & LaRose, R. (2006). Getting hooked on news: uses and gratifications and the formation of news habits among college students in an internet environment. Journal of Broadcasting and Electronic Media, (50), pp. 193–210.

Donovan, J. (2020, April 14). Social-media companies must flatten the curve of misinformation. Retrieved from doi:10.1038/d41586-020-01107-z

Downing, J. (2001). Alternative media. In N. J. Smelser & P. B. Baltes (Eds.), International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences (pp. 407–411). Amsterdam: Elsevier.

Ellison, N., Heino, R., & Gibbs, J. (2006). Managing impressions online: Self-presentation processes in the online dating environment. Journal of Computer-Mediated Communication, 11(2), 415–441.

Etingen, B., LaVela, S. L., Miskevics, S., & Goldstein, B. (2013). Health information during the H1N1 influenza pandemic: did the amount received influence infection prevention behaviors?. Journal of community health, 38(3), 443–450. doi:10.1007/s10900-012-9647-8

Fletcher, R., & Park, S. (2017). The Impact of Trust in the News Media on Online News Consumption and Participation. Digital Journalism, 5(10), 1281 - 1299.

Foot, K. (2014). The Online Emergence of Pushback on Social Media in the United States: A Historical Discourse Analysis. International Journal of Communication, 8(2014), 1313-1324.

Forde, Susan. 2011. Challenging the News: The Journalism of Alternative and Community Media. Houndmills, UK, and New York: Palgrave Macmillan.

Fox, S. (2014). The social life of health information. Retrieved from Pew Research Center: https://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/01/15/the-social-life-of-health-information/

Fuchs, C. (2010). Alternative Media as Critical Media. European Journal of Social Theory, 13(2), 173–192. doi:10.1177/1368431010362294

Fung, I. C.-H., Fu, K.-W., Chan, C.-H., Chan, B. S. B., Cheung, C.-N., Abraham, T., & Tse, Z. T. H. (2016). Social Media’s Initial Reaction to Information and Misinformation on Ebola, August 2014: Facts and Rumors. Public Health Reports, 131(3), 461–473. doi:10.1177/003335491613100312

Gesualdo, F., Romano, M., Pandolfi, E., Rizzo, C., Ravà, L., Lucente, D., & Tozzi, A. E. (2010). Surfing the web during pandemic flu: availability of World Health Organization recommendations on prevention. BMC public health, 10, 561. doi:10.1186/1471-2458-10-561

Grabe, S., Ward, L. M., & Hyde, J. S. (2008). The role of the media in body image concerns among women: a meta-analysis of experimental and correlational studies. Psychological bulletin, 134(3), 460–476. doi:10.1037/0033-2909.134.3.460

Guo, M. (2020). Warning of ‘human-to-human transmission’ of COVID-19 effectively triggers massive public self-protection behaviour. China: Kantar

Guo, M., & Zhang, O. (2020). Measuring the impact of the coronavirus on China's consumption. China: Kantar

Hakhverdian, A., & Mayne, Q. (2012). Institutional trust, education, and corruption: A micro-macro interactive approach. The Journal of Politics, 74(3), 739–750.

Hamilton, J. F. (2008). Democratic Communications: Formations, Projects, Possibilities. Washington: Lexington Books.

Hampton, K. N. (2010). Internet Use and the Concentration of Disadvantage: Glocalization and the Urban Underclass. American Behavioral Scientist, 53(8), 1111–1132. https://doi.org/10.1177/0002764209356244

Harcup, T. (2005). “I'm Doing this to Change the World”: journalism in alternative and mainstream media. Journalism Studies, 6(3), 361 - 374.

Henke, L. L. (1985). Perceptions and use of news media by college students. Journal of Broadcasting and Electronic Media, 29(4), pp. 431–436.

Hilton, S. (2020, March 23). Flatten the Coronavirus Curve, but Not the Economy, Before it’s Too Late. Retrieved from https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/
steve-hilton-flatten-coronavirus-curve-but-not-the-economy

Holmes, R. C. (2016, November 15). Facebook, Google take aim at fake news by blocking ad revenue. Retrieved from https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/facebook-google-take-aim-fake-news-cutting-ad-revenue

Ingraham, L. (2020, April 25). Civil liberties at risk in COVID-19 era. Retrieved from http://video.foxnews.com/v/6151991611001/

Ingram, M. (2014, April 1). The internet didn’t invent viral content or clickbait journalism — there’s just more of it now, and it happens faster. Retrieved from https://gigaom.com/2014/04/01/the-internet-didnt-invent-viral-content-or-clickbait-journalism-theres-just-more-of-it-now-and-it-happens-faster/

Jang, S.M., & Kim, J.K. (2018). Third person effects of fake news: Fake news regulation and media literacy interventions. Computers in Human Behavior, 80, 295-302.

Johns Hopkins University. (2021, January 11). COVID-19 Dashboard by the Center for Systems Science and Engineering (CSSE) at Johns Hopkins University (JHU). Retrieved from https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/map.html

Johnson, E.J., Hariharan, S. (2017). Public health awareness: knowledge, attitude and behaviour of the general public on health risks during the H1N1 influenza pandemic. J Public Health, 25, 333–337. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10389-017-0790-7

Kalogeropoulos, A., Suiter, J., Udris, L., & Eisenegger, M. (2019). News Media Trust and News Consumption: Factors Related to Trust in News in 35 Countries. International Journal of Communication, 13(2019), 3672-3693.

Katz, E., Gurevitch, M., & Haas, H. (1973). On the use of the mass media for important things. American Sociological Review, 38(2), pp. 164–181.

Kelly, G.G., & Bostrom, R. (1995). Facilitating the socio-emotional dimension in group support systems environments. Proceedings of the 1995 ACM SIGCPR conference on Supporting teams, groups, and learning inside and outside the IS function reinventing IS, USA, 10-23. doi:10.1145/212490.212499

Kim, H. S. (2015). Attracting Views and Going Viral: How Message Features and News-Sharing Channels Affect Health News Diffusion. The Journal of communication, 65(3), 512–534. doi:10.1111/jcom.12160

Kim, H. S., Lee, S., Cappella, J. N., Vera, L., & Emery, S. (2013). Content characteristics driving the diffusion of antismoking messages: implications for cancer prevention in the emerging public communication environment. Journal of the National Cancer Institute. Monographs, 2013(47), 182–187. doi:10.1093/jncimonographs/lgt018

Knobloch-Westerwick, S. (2015). Choice and preference in media use: Advances in selective exposure theory and research. New York: Routledge.

Kippax, S., & Murray, J. P. (1980). Using the Mass Media: Need Gratification and Perceived Utility. Communication Research, 7(3), 335–359. doi:10.1177/009365028000700304

Ku, K., Kong, Q., Song, Y., Deng, L., Kang, Y., & Hu, A. (2019). What predicts adolescents’ critical thinking about real-life news? The roles of social media news consumption and news media literacy. Thinking Skills and Creativity, 33, 100570. doi:10.1016/j.tsc.2019.05.004

Ladd, J. M. (2011). Why Americans hate the media and how it matters. Princeton: Princeton University Press.

LaRose, R. (2014). The psychology of interactive media habits. In S. S. Sundar (Ed.), The handbook of the psychology of communication technology (pp. 365–383). Oxford: Wiley-Blackwell.

Larose, R. (2017). Media Habits. The International Encyclopedia of Media Effects, 1-9. doi:10.1002/9781118783764.wbieme0190

Lasswell, H. D. (1948). The structure and function of communication in society. In L. Bryson (Ed.), The Communication of Ideas: A Series of Addresses. (pp. 37-51). New York: Harper and Row.

Lee, T. T. (2010). Why they don’t trust the media: An examination of factors predicting trust. American Behavioral Scientist, 54(1), 8–21. doi:10.1177/0002764210376308

Len-Ríos, M. E., Hinnant, A., Park, S.-A., Cameron, G. T., Frisby, C. M., & Lee, Y. (2009). Health News Agenda Building: Journalists’ Perceptions of the Role of Public Relations. Journalism & Mass Communication Quarterly, 86(2), 315–331. doi:10.1177/107769900908600204

Lewandowsky, S., Ecker, U. K. H., Seifert, C. M., Schwarz, N., & Cook, J. (2012). Misinformation and Its Correction: Continued Influence and Successful Debiasing. Psychological Science in the Public Interest, 13(3), 106–131. doi:10.1177/1529100612451018

Lin, L., Savoia, E., Agboola, F., & Viswanath, K. (2014). What have we learned about communication inequalities during the H1N1 pandemic: a systematic review of the literature. BMC public health, 14, 484. doi:10.1186/1471-2458-14-484

Lindlof, T. (1995). Qualitative communication research methods. London: SAGE.

Liu, P. L. (2020). COVID-19 Information Seeking on Digital Media and Preventive Behaviors: The Mediation Role of Worry. Cyberpsychology, behavior and social networking, 23(10), 677–682. doi:10.1089/cyber.2020.0250

Liu, P. L., & Jiang, S. (2021). Patient-Centered Communication Mediates the Relationship between Health Information Acquisition and Patient Trust in Physicians: A Five-Year Comparison in China. Health communication, 36(2), 207–216. doi:10.1080/10410236.2019.1673948

Lo, V. H., & Wei, R. (2002). Third-person effect, gender, and pornography on the Internet. Journal of Broadcasting & Electronic Media, 46(1), 13-33.

Lunt, P., & Livingstone, S. (1996). Rethinking the focus group in media and communications research. Journal of Communication, 46(2), 79-98. doi:10.1111/j.1460-2466.1996.tb01475.x

M., Y.L. (2020, May 21). Covid-19: What does the 'new normal' mean? Retrieved from https://www.thestar.com.my/lifestyle/health/2020/05/21/covid-19-what-does-the-039new-normal039-mean

MacFarquhar, N. (2020). Who’s Enforcing Mask Rules? Often Retail Workers, and They’re Getting Hurt. Retrieved from https://www.nytimes.com/2020/05/15/us/coronavirus-masks-violence.html

McCombs, M., & Shaw, D. (1972). The Agenda-Setting Function of Mass Media. The Public Opinion Quarterly, 36(2), 176-187.

McQuail, D. (2005). McQuail’s Mass Communication Theory, 5TH edition, London: Sage Publication.

Mervosh, S., Fernandez, M., and Robertson, C. (2020). Mask Rules Expand Across U.S. As Clashes Over the Mandates Intensify. Retrieved from https://www.nytimes.com/2020/07/16/us/coronavirus-masks.html

Meyer, P. (2004). The Vanishing Newspaper: Saving Journalism in the Information Age. Columbia: University of Missouri Press.

Miles, M. B., & Huberman, A. M. (1994). Qualitative data analysis: An expanded sourcebook. Thousand Oaks: Sage Publications Inc.

Mitchell, A., & Oliphant, J. B. (2020). Americans Immersed in Coronavirus News; Most Think Media are Doing Fairly Well Covering It. Washington: Pew Research Center.

Möller, J., van de Velde, R. N., Merten, L., & Puschmann, C. (2020). Explaining Online News Engagement Based on Browsing Behavior: Creatures of Habit? Social Science Computer Review, 38(5), 616–632. doi:10.1177/0894439319828012

Moriarty, C. M., & Stryker, J. E. (2008). Prevention and screening efficacy messages in newspaper accounts of cancer. Health education research, 23(3), 487–498. doi:10.1093/her/cyl163

Motta, M., Stecula, D., & Farhart, C. E. (2020). How Right-Leaning Media Coverage of COVID-19 Facilitated the Spread of Misinformation in the Early Stages of the Pandemic [Preprint]. SocArXiv. doi:10.31235/osf.io/a8r3p

Newman, N., Fletcher, R., Kalogeropoulos A., Levy, D. A., & Nielsen, R. K. (2017). Digital news report 2017. Oxford: Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism.

Newman, N., Fletcher, R., Kalogeropoulos, A., Nielsen, Rasmus, K. (2019). Reuters Institute digital news report 2019. Oxford: Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism.

Palmgreen, P., & Rayburn, J. D. (1985). A comparison of gratification models of media satisfaction. Communication Monographs, 52(4), 334–346.

Pariser, E. (2011). The Race for Relevance. In E. Pariser (Ed.), The filter bubble: What the Internet is hiding from you (pp. 1- 29). London: Penguin.

Pentina, I., & Tarafdar, M. (2014). From "information" to "knowing": Exploring the role of social media in contemporary news consumption. Computers in Human Behavior, 35, 211-223.

Peplau, L. A., & Perlman, D. (1982). Perspectives on loneliness. In L. A. Peplau & D. Perlman (Eds.), Loneliness: A sourcebook of current theory, research and therapy (pp. 1–20). New York, NY: Wiley.

Pew Research Center. (2008). Key news audiences now blend online and traditional sources: Audience segments in a changing news environment. Washington: Pew Research Center for the People and the Press. Retrieved from Pew Research Center: http://people-press.org/report/444/news-media

Pittman, M., & Reich, B. (2016). Social media and loneliness: Why an Instagram picture may be worth more than a thousand Twitter words. Computers in Human Behavior, 62, 155–167.

Pollar, O. (2003). Information Anxiety. In O. Pollar (Ed.), Surviving information overload: How to find, filter, and focus on what’s important (pp. 3-8). USA: Crisp Learning.

Qiu, S., & Woo, R. (2020, December 27). Beijing tightens COVID-19 curbs as cases detected across capital. Retrieved from https://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-coronavirus-beijing/beijing-tightens-covid-19-curbs-as-cases-detected-across-capital-idUSKBN29105Y

Radzikowski, J., Stefanidis, A., Jacobsen, K. H., Croitoru, A., Crooks, A., & Delamater, P. L. (2016). The Measles Vaccination Narrative in Twitter: A Quantitative Analysis. JMIR public health and surveillance, 2(1), e1. doi:10.2196/publichealth.5059

Randolph, W., & Viswanath, K. (2004). Lessons learned from public health mass media campaigns: marketing health in a crowded media world. Annual review of public health, 25, 419–437. doi:10.1146/annurev.publhealth.25.101802.123046

Rauch, J.N. (2015). Exploring the Alternative–Mainstream Dialectic: What “Alternative Media” Means to a Hybrid Audience†. Communication, Culture & Critique, 8(1), 124-143.

Rauch, J.N. (2016). Are There Still Alternatives? Relationships Between Alternative Media and Mainstream Media in a Converged Environment. Sociology Compass, 10(9), 756-767. doi:10.1111/soc4.12403

Ritchie, H., Ortiz-Ospina, E., Beltekian, D., Mathieu, E., Hasell, J., Macdonald, B. … Roser, M. (2021, January 3). Retrieved from https://ourworldindata.org/coronavirus/country/china?country=~CHN

Rosenbaum, J. E., Beentjes, J. W. J., & Konig, R. P. (2008). Mapping media literacy: Key concepts and future directions. Communication yearbook 32. New York: Routledge.

Rubin, A. M. (1983). Television uses and gratifications: The interactions of viewing patterns and motivations. Journal of Broadcasting, 27(1), 37–51.

Rubin, A. M., & Perse, E. M. (1987). Audience Activity and Television News Gratifications. Communication Research, 14(1), 58–84. doi:10.1177/009365087014001004

Ruiz, N. G., Horowitz, J. M., & Tamir, C. (2020, July 1). Many Black, Asian Americans Say they have Experienced Discrimination Amid Coronavirus. Retrieved August 24, 2022, from https://www.pewresearch.org/social-trends/2020/07/01/many-black-and-asian-americans-say-they-have-experienced-discrimination-amid-the-covid-19-outbreak/

Rusadi, U. (2014) News Consumption Across Conventional Mass Media and the Internet. Jurnal Penelitian dan Pengembangan Komunikasi dan Informatika, 4(3), 2014.

Sandoval, M., & Fuchs, C. (2010). Towards a critical theory of alternative media. Telematics and Informatics, 27(2), 141-150. doi: 10.1016/j.tele.2009.06.011

Schank, R. C., & Abelson, R. P. (1995). Knowledge and memory: The real story. In R. S. Wyer, Jr. (Ed.), Advances in social cognition, Vol. 8. Knowledge and memory: The real story (p. 1–85). Mahwah: Lawrence Erlbaum Associates, Inc.

Schmidt, A. L., Zollo, F., Scala, A., Betsch, C., & Quattrociocchi, W. (2018). Polarization of the vaccination debate on Facebook. Vaccine, 36(25), 3606–3612. doi:10.1016/j.vaccine.2018.05.040

Seymour, J. (2018). The Impact of Public Health Awareness Campaigns on the Awareness and Quality of Palliative Care. Journal of palliative medicine, 21(S1), S30–S36. doi:10.1089/jpm.2017.0391

Sharma, M., Yadav, K., Yadav, N., & Ferdinand, K. C. (2017). Zika virus pandemic—Analysis of Facebook as a social media health information platform. American Journal of Infection Control, 45(3), 301–302. doi:10.1016/j.ajic.2016.08.022

Shearer, E. (2018). Social Media Outpaces Print Newspapers in the U.S. as News Source. Washington: Pew Research Center.

Shearer, E., & Gottfried, J. (2017, September 7). News use across social media platforms 2017. Retrieved from http://www.journalism.org/2017/09/07/news-use-across-social-media-platforms-2017/

Shuchman, M. (2002). Journalists as change agents in medicine and health care. JAMA, 287(6), 772-776.

Singer, J. B. (2014). User-generated visibility: Secondary gatekeeping in a shared media space. New Media & Society, 16(1), 55–73. doi:10.1177/1461444813477833

Stanovich, K. E., West, R. F., & Toplak, M. E. (2013). Myside Bias, Rational Thinking, and Intelligence. Current Directions in Psychological Science, 22(4), 259–264. doi:10.1177/0963721413480174

Stroud, N. J., Duyn, E. V., & Peacock, C. (2016). Survey of Commenters and Comment Readers. New York: Center for Media. Retrieved from Engaging News Project: http://engagingnewsproject.org/research/survey-of-commenters-and-comment-readers/

Sugimoto, A., Nomura, S., Tsubokura, M., Matsumura, T., Muto, K., Sato, M., & Gilmour, S. (2013). The Relationship between Media Consumption and Health-Related Anxieties after the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Disaster. PLoS ONE 8(8):e65331. 1-7. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0065331

Sunstein, C. R. (2001). Echo chambers: Bush v. Gore, impeachment, and beyond. Princeton: Princeton University Press.

Syvertsen, T. (2020). Digital Detox: The Politics of Disconnecting. Bingley: Emerald Publishing Limited.

Tewksbury, D., Hals, M. L., & Bibart, A. (2008). The Efficacy of News Browsing: The Relationship of News Consumption Style to Social and Political Efficacy. Journalism & Mass Communication Quarterly, 85(2), 257–272. doi:10.1177/107769900808500203

Tooher, R., Collins, J. E., Street, J. M., Braunack-Mayer, A., & Marshall, H. (2013). Community knowledge, behaviours and attitudes about the 2009 H1N1 Influenza pandemic: a systematic review. Influenza and other respiratory viruses, 7(6), 1316–1327. doi:10.1111/irv.12103

Tsfati, Y., & Ariely, G. (2014). Individual and contextual correlates of trust in media across 44 countries. Communication Research, 41(6), 760–782.

Vincent, R. C. & Basil, M. D. (1997). College students’ news gratifications, media use, and current events knowledge. Journal of Broadcasting and Electronic Media, 41(3), pp. 380–392.

Wang, K. W., Gao, J., Wang, H., Wu, X. L., Yuan, Q. F., Guo, F. Y., Zhang, Z. J., & Cheng, Y. (2020). Epidemiology of 2019 novel coronavirus in Jiangsu Province, China after wartime control measures: A population-level retrospective study. Travel medicine and infectious disease, 35, 101654. doi:10.1016/j.tmaid.2020.101654

Wang, Y. (2018). Digital Amplification of Fringe Voices: Alternative Media and Street Politics in Hong Kong. International Journal of Communication, 12(2018), 3707–3728.

Wang, Y. (2020, February 15). China reports drop in new cases for 3rd consecutive day. Retrieved from https://globalnews.ca/news/6557118/china-coronavirus-cases-fall/

Wei, R., Lo, V.-H., & Lu, H.-Y. (2008). Third-Person Effects of Health News: Exploring the Relationships Among Media Exposure, Presumed Media Influence, and Behavioral Intentions. American Behavioral Scientist, 52(2), 261–277. doi:10.1177/0002764208321355

Wilcockson, T.D., Osborne, A.M., & Ellis, D. (2019). Digital detox: The effect of smartphone abstinence on mood, anxiety, and craving. Addictive behaviors, 99, 106013.

Williams, B., & Carpini, M.D. (2011). After broadcast news: Media regimes, democracy, and the new information environment. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. 

Witte, K., & Allen, M. (2000). A meta-analysis of fear appeals: implications for effective public health campaigns. Health education & behavior: the official publication of the Society for Public Health Education, 27(5), 591–615. doi:10.1177/109019810002700506

Woodstock, L. (2014). Media Resistance: Opportunities for Practice Theory and New Media Research. International Journal Of Communication, 8(2017), 1983-2001.

World Health Organization. (2020, January 30). Statement on the second meeting of the International Health Regulations (2005) Emergency Committee regarding the outbreak of novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV). Retrieved from https://www.who.int/news/item/30-01-2020-statement-on-the-second-meeting-of-the-international-health-regulations-(2005)-emergency-committee-regarding-the-outbreak-of-novel-coronavirus-(2019-ncov)

Wyer, R., & Radvansky, G. (1999). The comprehension and validation of social information. Psychological review, 106(1), 89-118. doi:10.1037/0033-295X.106.1.89

Xavier, A. J., d'Orsi, E., Wardle, J., Demakakos, P., Smith, S. G., & von Wagner, C. (2013). Internet use and cancer-preventive behaviors in older adults: findings from a longitudinal cohort study. Cancer epidemiology, biomarkers & prevention : a publication of the American Association for Cancer Research, cosponsored by the American Society of Preventive Oncology, 22(11), 2066–2074. doi:10.1158/1055-9965.EPI-13-0542

Yadamsuren, B. & Erdelez, S. (2010). Incidental exposure to online news. Proceedings of the American Society for Information Science and Technology. Australia: 1–8. doi:10.1002/meet.14504701237

Yuan, E.J. (2011). NEWS CONSUMPTION ACROSS MULTIPLE MEDIA PLATFORMS. Information, Communication & Society, 14(7), 1016 - 998.

Zerba, A. (2011). Young adults’ reasons behind avoidances of daily print newspapers and their ideas for change. Journalism & Mass Communication Quarterly, 88(3): 597–614.

Zillmann, D., & Brosius, H.-B. (2000). Exemplification in communication: The influence of case reports on the perception of issues. Mahwah: Lawrence Erlbaum Associates, Inc.

Zillmann, D., Chen, L., Knobloch, S., & Callison, C. (2004). Effects of Lead Framing on Selective Exposure to Internet News Reports. Communication Research, 31(1), 58–81. doi:10.1177/0093650203260201
 
Appendix 1
Interview Script

Personal information:

•	Please describe your nationality, age, highest level of education, and occupation.

Background Mapping Question: 

•	Could you please describe how COVID-19 has affected your life?

Time Period - Before COVID-19: 

•	How would you describe your daily routine of reading news?

•	What were your most frequent media to get news?

•	How did you find out about a recent news story? 

•	In your opinion, what news elements interest you?

•	Before trusting news, do you verify it?

•	In your opinion, what news factors are essential for you to trust media?

Time Period - At the early COVID-19 outbreak (From January 2020 to April 2020):

•	What were your main media for receiving news? 

•	Why?

•	Which news categories did you frequently view?

•	Why? 

•	How much did you trust these media? 

•	Why?

•	Did you send any COVID-19 related news to people? 

•	What categories of news did you send?

•	What were the reasons for you to send the aforementioned news?

•	Did you receive news from others, and did you read them?

•	What were the main categories of news that were sent to you?

•	What was your attitude toward the topics of the news that were sent to you?

Time Period – In the New Normal (From July 2020 to December 2020):

•	What were your main media for receiving news? 

•	Why?

•	Which news categories did you frequently view?

•	Why? 

•	How much did you trust these media? 

•	Why?

•	Did you send any COVID-19 related news? 

•	What categories of news did you send?

•	What were the reasons for you to send the aforementioned news?

•	Did you receive news from others, and to what extent did you read them?

•	What were the main categories of news that were disseminated to you?

•	What is your attitude toward the topics of the news that were disseminated to you?

Comparison Questions:

•	Do you realize any difference in your news reading habits between the two periods (the early COVID-19 outbreak and the New Normal)?

•	In your opinion, what is the main reason for the change in your news reading habits, if any, between the two periods (the early COVID-19 outbreak and the New Normal)? 

Notes for new literature review

Foreign Immigrants' or Diasporas' News Consumption Patterns

文献整理 Foreign Immigrants' or Diasporas' News Consumption Patterns

中国流行文化与西方文化的有机结合，对于Malaysian Chinese新闻消费的影响

<The head and heart of news avoidance - How attitudes about the news media relate to levels of news consumption>

Chinese popular culture constitutes one of the most prolific arenas for trans-national cultural sharing between Chinese populations today. Fuelled by new communication technologies and vast opportunities for commercial profit, trends in everything from music, films, videos, and television programmes, to fashion, sports, and food have spread throughout the Chinese world. Quite typically, Chinese popular cultures creatively mix various Western forms with selective components from Chinese culture, drawing on themes from Chinese traditions but recasting them to fit current situations.

居住在与中国文化不相近的地区的海外华人，他们的新闻消费窘境

<The head and heart of news avoidance - How attitudes about the news media relate to levels of news consumption>

Overseas Chinese, who reside in nation-states that are not similarly coextensive with Chinese culture, face very different issues as they negotiate their ethnic, national and cultural identities, and we will expect that their responses to transnational Chinese media will reflect these local as well as wider concerns.

对于不同媒体的不同反应，体现着Malaysian Chinese的不同社会属性

The diversity of responses towards various types of Chinese media
also reflected divisions within the Malaysian Chinese community itself
in terms of generation, gender and social class.

A similar division was somewhat apparent in male and female responses, with males more attracted to the often violent, cruder, sexier Hong Kong productions and women more likely to enjoy the family and love themes of Taiwan shows or to appreciate the artistry of productions from China. A third division occurred with socio-economic class. Popular Hong Kong productions had greater appeal among business types and more average students, while the more sophisticated Mandarin programmes, particularly films from China, had a greater following among people with professional or intellectual backgrounds.



外国精英阶层的移民对于媒体消费，更倾向于他们的祖国

<Engaged, But Not Immersed - Tracking the Mediated Public Connection of Filipino Elite Migrants in London>

The media consumption of our respondents indicates a public connection oriented towards the homeland rather than the host country, challenging assumptions that elite migrants become cosmopolitanized during their travels and detach themselves from their roots (Latham,2006).

Their media consumption in London only served to reinforce their previous interests, but did not in fact spark (or cosmopolitanize) them.







影响伊朗裔挪威人的文化接收的因素

<Iranian-Norwegian Media Consumption - Identity and Positioning>

Obviously, factors such as gender, age group, family, education, class, ethnicity and so forth are important factors in cultural reception (Staiger 1992),

a strikingly common trait can be observed among most of the respondents: there is a significant attraction to issues relating to Iran.

One aspect is obviously the focus on Iran as one’s homeland.

Another aspect is related to the respondents’ status as immigrants in Norway.

The third aspect of Iranian-Norwegians’ relationship with the media is their focus on
Islam.

While Kaveh and Pari are multi-consumers, Bahram’s media consumption is limited to Iranian TV, and Lale consumes mostly Norwegian media. Bahram consumes mainly Iranian TV.

To various degrees, respondents often held a critical position towards the representation of the media regarding their Iranianess, immigrant status and Muslim background.

Most of the respondents in this study reject the dominant ideas of their Iranianess as
represented in Norwegian and Iranian media.






本论文的目的是检验以下设想：当少数族裔更加关注居住地的国家电视台，而不是祖国的国家电视台的时候，他们感觉更加融入

< News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora >

The aim is to examine the assumption that people of minority ethnic background are more integrated when they prefer the national television of their society of residence rather than that of their country of origin.

少数族裔的新闻消费反映的是他们在旅居地缺乏的融入感

< News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora >

Discussion of ethnic minorities’ news media consumption and need for news is thus part of a more comprehensive discourse on how already marked ethnic minorities lack integration in their society of residence.

观看祖国的电视台的行为可以被归为一种跨国实践

< News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora >

I suggest that watching television news from the homeland may be characterized as a transnational practice.

作者认为的少数族裔具有与主流人群不一样的媒体消费的原因

< News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora >

It is my contention that scepticism and experience of multiple belonging influences news consumption practices so that they differ significantly from those practiced by the majority population.

语言能力决定消费的媒体来源，移民和他们后代的能力有很大差别

<News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora>

According to interview data from Denmark, immigrant populations in Europe do indeed prefer to watch television channels that transmit in their mother tongue and primarily broadcast news from the homeland. This also applies to immigrants of Turkish origin. At the same time people of ethnic minority background express the desire to obtain television news about the country in which they are now residing (Carøe and Sell, 2000).

跨国消费频道在向少数族裔传递新闻的过程中起了很大作用

<News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora>

It seems that these transnational-commercial channels, at least currently, play a larger role in the transmission of news to ethnic minority groups than such channels do for majority populations in Europe.

受访的在丹麦的侨民家庭表示对祖国的新闻、国际新闻以及丹麦的新闻感兴趣。

<News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora>

In extension of the pattern for their choice of media, the interviewed families express an interest in news from the homeland, international news, as well as news from Denmark.

侨民对于新闻媒体的使用与以下因素有关

<News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora>

Diaspora lives seems to be linked to three specific factors concerning the use of news media:
1.	difficulties in acquiring relevant news, and partly as a consequence, a feeling of lack of news and information, which in some cases gives rise to frustration;
2.	a clear dispersal of news sources combined with a strong tendency for television as the preferred news medium;
3.	a critical attitude toward the message forwarded in the national news

在丹麦侨民消费新闻遇到的困难，以及破局的努力

<News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora>

The problem for diaspora populations in Denmark is not to achieve access to the news media, but to obtain news adapted to their special needs.

it appears that ethnic minorities attempt to handle the lack of a single news source that covers their varied needs in two ways: they use more time to obtain news, and they choose from several news sources




德国的调研确认侨民对于祖国新闻的兴趣占比最大

<News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora>

The German survey confirms an interest for homeland news among ethnic minorities. News of this type attains the highest proportion in a ranked list. When asked about their attitudes to obtaining news from the country of origin, 57 percent answered, ‘very interested’ and 30 percent answered, ‘relatively interested’.

侨民对于自身在新闻中被描述的方式持批判态度，同时他们被描述为“others”，进而加强了他们与主流群体的紧张关系

<News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora>

Without exception, that is, across educational and language skill levels, the interviewed families were critical about the way in which the ethnic minorities were depicted in the news.

On the other hand, a number of studies conclude that in the national news broadcasts in Denmark, immigrants and ethnic minorities are consistently presented as ‘the other’ (Gaarde Madsen,2000; Hussain, 2000: 96, 106; Morley and Robins, 1995: 125), i.e. as excluded from the nation of Danes.

Thus negative and problem-oriented representations of immigrants in the national news in Denmark lead to increased tensions between ethnic minorities and the majority population.

通过媒体的曝光，侨民社群可以更加接近自己想象中的样子

<News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora>

It is therefore unlikely that we will see the creation of new superordinate imagined communities in the transnational social spaces, but imagined communities can thrive and become more self-conscious through exposure in the media, notably television.

欧洲国内媒体开始意识到向侨民介绍新家园的潜力

<News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora>

And with the advent of new media technologies homeland television channels are beginning to realize their potential for introducing expatriates in Europe and elsewhere to their new homelands. Transnational television channels increasingly direct their broadcasts to migrated populations, in which case we are approaching a useful replacement of public service television produced in the European countries and indicating transnational social spaces as the relevant frame for integration among the ethnic minorities, discussed in the above.

<Virtual space, real identity: Exploring cultural identity of Chinese Diaspora in virtual community>

针对在美中国人的在线社区文化认同的采访问题结构

Questions for the interview are divided into three categories: first, the behavior and attitude of the usage of Internet; second, the influence Internet in the values and behavior of the interviewees; third, representation of self-identity.

以上采访的发现

The most often used techniques by the 10 participants are e-mail, BBS and web page.

Most of them never visit American BBS except one people.

Most of them visit these BBS at least one time every day and only one of them goes there two or three times every month.

These BBS have multiple functions for these Chinese Diasporas. The main purpose includes reading news, especially those about China or former school and class-mates; searching for information, such as visa, job, travel and weather; for relaxation and entertainment, such as reading essays and jokes; or for some academic use.

Most of the interviewees visit Chinese BBS as a habit in daily life and have the feeling of ‘‘familiarity and warmness’’. Though they also visit English sites, such as the web page of CNN and BBC, the main purpose is to get information and keep pace with the outside world of the US without such feeling on Chinese BBS.

针对以上发现的总结

For these interviewees, they still retain strong links with their places of origin and their traditions. They built the virtual communities to exchange news about China and talk about topics on Chinese politics and economy. Even many jokes for entertainment are also based on Chinese history or culture.

For those Chinese Diasporas, the virtual communities are of great significance to keep their connection with China and develop the attachment to the homeland. Through the exchange of the cultural symbols and meaning, they develop strong identification with China.






<What cultural identity do you have - Korean diasporic community and news consumption>

研究在美韩国人新闻消费的必要性

The development of digital technology and communication has contributed to reshaping preexisting forms of diaspora. It has helped immigrants access their homeland media directly. It has further made interactions with other diasporic members more convenient and prompt. They can obtain news of the host country more easily using their online ethnic media. These changes become social forces to influence the diasporic community and its members? identity.

it is necessary to understand what media contents people of the current diaspora consume, and how they interact with one another based on their media consumption within their diasporic community.


Digital diaspora的成型

digital media have become influential in constructing the national consciousness of migrants in the globalization.

It is ‘the distinct online network that diasporic people use to re-create identities, share opportunities, spread their culture, [and] influence homeland and host-land policy’ (Alonsoand Oiarzabal, 2010: 11).

Digital media 对于 digital diaspora 的影响

Indeed, media technologies have helped people not only how to communicate, but also how to construct their social environment (Meyrowitz 1985).

The Internet and online environment have made it easier for people of diasporic communities to connect with one other, both in their motherland and host country.

However, immigrants’ host country news consumption and the particular topics of the motherland news that interest them have been rarely discussed in previous research.

针对上述话题的研究成果

1.	Focused topics vary, depending on the countries

News postings with images drew more attention than other postings. If community members could watch the event in real time via digital media, more viewership and related threads ensued.

In a similar vein, information about living in the U.S. is another of their main concerns. Immigration policies, healthcare information, and other germane information are critical for them to sustain a settled life in the U.S.

2.	Relations between the U.S. and Korea matter

Not only do the topics include Korean news reports about U.S. events and vice-versa, but also how the two countries perceive mutual relations between them is a key concern.

The immigrants attempted to understand the relationship between Korea and the U.S., and how the U.S evaluated Korea from diverse perspectives.

Indeed, their contradictory attitudes toward their homeland and the U.S. reflect their status between the two nations.

3.	Ongoing dependence on Korean media and language

If the issues were linked to the Korean community in the U.S., the responses tended to be more prompt and aggressive.

Their interests and perceptions on specific topics are influenced not by their cultural identities, but by various needs based on their daily lives.


文献整理 Media polarization and people’s consumption of news

New outline for the LR:

1.	Media polarization and people’s consumption of news

美国媒体极化的表现

< Why Americans Hate the Media and How It Matters-Princeton University Press (2011)>

While results vary considerably, possibly resulting from poor and inconsistent sampling techniques, overall polls from the 1930s indicate only a moderate amount of trust in the media’s fairness.15 In 1937, Gallup found that 47% of respondents thought the newspapers they read were “fair in their treatment of political news,” while 38% thought they were unfair. In the same year, a Roper poll asking simply “Is the press fair?” prompted 66% to answer yes. Yet in a 1939 Gallup poll only 29%of respondents thought “newspapers are fair in their treatment of political news,” while 61% thought they were unfair. However, the 1937Roper poll and the 1939 Gallup poll appear to be outliers. More mixed results like those in the 1937 Gallup poll were more typical. In 1946, when Gallup asked whether “you think the newspapers you read are fair or not fair in their reporting of the following news, excluding the editorials?” modestly more people thought news was fair than unfair in every category of news: news about Russia (44% to 31%), political news (45%to 35%), labor news (49% to 31%), news of Britain (50% to 26%), and news of international affairs (52% to 23%) (Erskine 1970–71, 635).

希腊的媒体极化的表现

< Digital Technology and Journalism An International Comparative Perspective (Jingrong Tong, Shih-Hung Lo (eds.)) (2017)>

Evidence from the Greek blogosphere shows that these voices are beginning to challenge traditional frames. Going back to the frame packages, the framing of the Greek government’s responsibility in the financial crisis demonstrates the unique packaging of information that sources such as news blogs can enable. In the case of newspapers, the framing of the government is consistent with the relationship that newspapers have traditionally shared with the political circles of power. In line with the new political scenery that led to abandonment of the classic Manichaean depiction between right and left parties in Greece, traditional news6 JOURNALISM CULTURE AND PROFESSIONAL IDENTITY IN TRANSIT … 133media appear to have shifted from reflecting distinct left/right political tendencies to new ideological divisions, such as supporting or condemning the memoranda and the European policies. The new polarizations also reflected in the framing of the then-opposition party SYRIZA.SYRIZA is positioned mainly against the TROIKA, rather than against the government. It is framed as the party that will “save” the country from the catastrophic European policies.






新的技术，尤其是互联网的崛起，为极化提供了一个温土

< Digital Technology and Journalism An International Comparative Perspective (Jingrong Tong, Shih-Hung Lo (eds.)) (2017)>

In the midst of the utopianism of the early digital age, Sunstein’s workon the Internet and democratic dialogue warned of the dangers of156 P. Hoeyideological echo chambers where the deliberative rational critical dialogue,which he sees as vital for democracy, erodes in the face of partisanship.It could have been a parable for Northern Irish political life.New technologies, emphatically including the Internet, make it easier forpeople to surround themselves (virtually of course) with the opinions oflike-minded but otherwise isolated others, and to insulate themselves fromcompeting views. For this reason alone, they are a breeding ground forpolarization, and potentially dangerous for both democracy and socialpeace. (Sunstein 2009, p. 44)

津巴布韦的媒体极化表现

< Digital Technology and Journalism An International Comparative Perspective (Jingrong Tong, Shih-Hung Lo (eds.)) (2017)>

Zimbabwe has a competitive authoritarianregime. Despite a facade of a democratic predisposition, electionsare periodically manipulated in favour of the ruling party ZANU-PF(Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front). Democratic spacefor opposition political parties and civil society organisations has shrunkover the years, and media polarization has impacted negatively on thepractice of professional journalism (IMPI report 2014). Thus, at thelevel of media systems and journalistic practices, Zimbabwe has what hasbeen termed the “polarised pluralist media” system (Hallin and Mancini2004, p. 129), which is buttressed by serious political parallelism. Theprint media is dominated by the state media empire, the ZimbabweNewspapers Group (Zimpapers), which promotes government propagandawhile the private press acts as a countervailing force sympatheticto the cause of opposition parties. Professionalism is heavily compromisedby poor working conditions, polarisation and flagrant ethical transgressions(Mabweazara 2011b).

新冠疫情下，民主党、共和党人士对于疫情态度、行为的异同

< Polarization and public health: Partisan differences in social distancing
during the coronavirus pandemic>

We use location data from a large sample of smartphones to show that areas with more Republicans engaged in less social distancing, controlling for other factors including public policies, population density, and local COVID cases and deaths. We then present new survey evidence of significant gaps at the individual level between Republicans and Democrats in self-reported social distancing, beliefs about personal COVID risk, and beliefs about the future severity of the pandemic.

如果人们接触到的新闻声称疫情的风险较小，那么人们会有更小的机率来保持

< Polarization and public health: Partisan differences in social distancing
during the coronavirus pandemic>

Ash et al. (2020), Bursztyn et al. (2020) and Simonov et al. (2020)find that people social distance less if quasi-randomly exposed to news sources that argue that COVID-19 is less risky, suggesting that media exposure is one possible driver for our results.2

研究结论：分裂的新闻消息推动着党派信仰差异，进而推动了与防疫相关的信念、行为的差异

< Polarization and public health: Partisan differences in social distancing
during the coronavirus pandemic>

One explanation for these results is that media sources have sent divergent messages about the coronavirus Appendix Fig. A12 shows that the partisan gaps in the survey data are smaller when the partisanship of news consumption is controlled for, and that news partisanship is statistically significantly correlated with beliefs even when party is controlled for. While our evidence does not permit us to pin down the ultimate causes of partisan divergence, these patterns are consistent with divergent messaging playing an important role in driving differences in beliefs and behavior.

针对疫苗接种信息，Facebook强化了Echo chamber 效应

< Polarization of the vaccination debate on Facebook>

Users select information adhering to theirs system of beliefs and tend to ignore dissenting information.

Our findings show that the consumption of content about vaccines is dominated by the echo
chamber effect and that polarization increased over the years.

研究结果显示Facebook 强化了用户对于疫苗的两极反应

< Polarization of the vaccination debate on Facebook>

We show that the communities emerge from the users’ consumption habits and that users are highly polarized, that is, the majority of users only consumes and produces information in favor or against vaccines, not both.

We also showed that both narratives are subjected to selective exposure, and that the more active a user is on Facebook the smaller is the variety of sources they tend to consume.


文献整理 News Consumption Measures

新闻的定义

<The head and heart of news avoidance - How attitudes about the news media relate to levels of news consumption>

This study defines news as information about current events, which can be consumed by audiences in a variety of media spaces, that facilitates civic and political engagement. This definition is sufficiently broad to allow audiences room to identify news on their own terms (Edgerly and Vraga, 2020), while also acknowledging the participatory value of news (Ksiazek et al., 2010; Prior, 2007), and democratic implications if a group of individuals consume little to no news.






当今媒体环境

<News consumption patterns in Iceland>

The balance is shifting towards online news, and social media is becoming increasingly important as a source of news. However, traditional media platforms remain critically important, especially television and legacy media organisations (media established in the analogue era) have successfully established themselves online (Newman et al., 2017).

In this study, I have analysed the patterns of news media use in Iceland and placed them
in an international, mainly Nordic, context. The findings suggest many similarities
between news use patterns in Iceland and the bigger Nordic countries, but also point
to some differences

疫情前后，媒体访问量的变化（Digital Audience、News、Retail、Government、Travel、Television）

<https://www.comscore.com/Insights/Blog/Revisited-Media-Consumption-during-the-Coronavirus-Pandemic>

Digital Audience

Total digital visits (mobile and desktop) across ten key categories peaked during the week of April 20-26, 2020 with 64.3 billion digital visits. Since then, total digital visits have slowly declined, but remain over 30% higher than pre-pandemic levels. These data suggest that while consumers are spending less time online now than at the height of the lockdowns, digital behavior is still significantly more prevalent than it was pre-coronavirus.

News

In looking at non-weather news sites, total visits during the pandemic peaked during the week of April 13-19, 2020 with 8.5 billion total visits. Since mid-May 2020, total digital visits to news sites have remained somewhat steady. The week of July 27-August 2, 2020 saw 7.4 billion visits, which is still 28% higher than pre-pandemic levels.

Retail

For the retail category, we analyzed a competitive set of aggregate visitors to Amazon, Walmart, Costco, Best Buy and Target’s sites. We saw total digital visits for this group of retail sites peak in mid-to-late April 2020, especially as consumers were increasingly shifting their grocery spending to online sources. After declining for several weeks, visitation to these retail sites again picked up in July 2020, reaching 1 billion visits during the week of July 27-August 2, 2020. This is a 50% increase in visitation over pre-pandemic levels, and the 14th week since the end of March 2020 that visitation to these 5 sites combined has topped 1 billion.

Government

Usage of top government sites peaked early on during the pandemic, as consumers flocked to sites such as the CDC, NIH, and the WHO to find information about the coronavirus.  The peak in digital visits to these sites was during the week of March 23-29, 2020. Since then, visits to government sites have quickly returned to near-normal pre-pandemic levels. There were 14.9 million digital visits to government sites during the week of July 27-August 2, 2020, which is only 11% higher than pre-pandemic levels and 72% lower than the peak week.

Travel
 
Travel, one of the hardest-hit categories during the pandemic, shows a very different trend than other categories we have reviewed. This category is broad, and includes all forms of travel, including airlines, aggregators, hospitality, etc. Since the beginning of the pandemic, we see an inverse pattern from previous categories. Instead of a peak with a slow decline, we saw plummeting visitation at the beginning of the pandemic, and a slow climb since. Visitation to travel sites reached a low of 362 million during the week of March 30-April 5, 2020. This came after a peak during the week of March 9-16, 2020, likely caused by increased travel changes and cancellations as a result of the onset of pandemic restrictions. 

Since late March 2020, visitation to travel sites has slowly and steadily risen—during the week of July 27-August 2, 2020, visitation reached 525 million. This is still nearly 40% lower than pre-pandemic levels, but a 45% increase over the low point during mid-March 2020. With the uncertainty surrounding the future of the virus and a potential vaccine, travel will likely take a while to return to its pre-pandemic digital visit levels. However, growth in visits since late March 2020 are a promising sign that the category may be on the right path for a recovery.

Television

The number of television sets in use (SIU) peaked during the week of March 23-29, 2020, one of the first weeks of broad “stay at home” restrictions. SIUs remained high, above 40%, for about the next month, but started to gradually decline during late April 2020. SIUs approached pre-pandemic levels in late June 2020, but began to increase again in July 2020, possibly due to spikes in cases and the reimplementation of some restrictions.

如何量化媒体访问指标（历史回顾）

<Complementarity in Consumption of News Types Across Traditional and New Media>

The consumption of different types of news content on traditional media was
measured on a 1 to 4-point Likert scale

The demographic variables included in the study are age, gender, education, and
income.

< Measuring Media Use Across Platforms - Evolving Audience Information Systems>

who are asked questions on lifestyle and attitudes and media consumption habits (including TV, radio, newspapers, magazines, cinema, catalogues, pay TV, and the Internet).

<Media consumption across platforms - Identifying user-defined repertoires>

This study investigates how patterns of availability and individual traits influence repertoires of media use.

Observers recorded use of 59 such media items. These can be broadly classified into print, audio, and video

Factor analysis is an appropriate data reduction technique for this purpose.

Audience availability. Although availability has explained a large amount of variance in
studies on channel repertoires, as already noted, time spent with a medium does not fully
capture a person’s availability to consume a medium. Instead, a better measure is the
actual time spent at a location where the person has an opportunity to use a medium. For
instance, when a person is at home, he is available to view television and when the person
is commuting he is available to use portable devices such as mobile phones. We
operationalized audience availability through three measures: time spent at work, time
spent at home, and time spent commuting during a day.

Individual demographics. Demographics are known to influence media repertoires as
shown by prior studies (see previous section). The five variables we included were age,
gender, education, income level, and employment status.


Variable Factor 1 Factor 2 Factor 3 Factor 4
Factor 1 – Computing for Work (α = 0.79)
Email 0.7522
Web other 0.7486
Software office/work 0.7312
Software other 0.6394
Web search 0.6210 0.3425

Factor 2 – Television Viewing (α = 0.71)
Commercial/Program promotion 0.8486
Entertainment/Info program 0.8051
News program 0.6495
Channel surfing 0.5729

Factor 3 – Media on Mobile (α = 0.60)
Mobile text/Multimedia messaging 0.7530
Mobile talk 0.7086
Mobile other 0.6185
Mobile web 0.5696

Factor 4 – Media Online (α = 0.62)
Online video sites 0.7913
Digital video streaming 0.7332
Web news and sports 0.3687 0.5777
A closer examination suggests that the composition of these repertoires is guided by the social context within which the medium is used.

The patterns of availability and use, we observed, are deeply embedded in the rhythms
of day-to-day life such as work, leisure, commute, and sleep.

our findings strongly suggest that these will reflect not only individual needs
and preferences, but also how users commandeer the available media resources to man
age the routines of day-to-day life.

< News Consumption across Media Platforms and Content>

The current study addresses this empirical question using a two-step confirmatory approach to identify news repertoires among young news users based on (1) media platform use and (2) news content preferences.

By adopting a two-step model of choice in which news repertoires are first identified based on platform use and then used to predict content preferences, this study addresses both structural and individual-level characteristics of the audience in the construction of news repertoires

I first identify four types of news users across traditional, online, and social media platforms using a confirmatory approach of latent profile analysis. In a second step, these different news repertoires based on platform preferences are used to predict news content preferences. Additionally, the social background characteristics of these different types of young news users are examined.

this study adopts a two-step model of choice by first identifying news repertoires based on platform use and this study adopts a two-step model of choice by first identifying news repertoires based on platform use

Adopting this two-step model of choice facilitates disentangling how platform-based news repertoires are related to particular news content preferences.

this study investigates how news content preferences are related to news repertoires that are based on media platform use.

<Patterns of News Consumption in Austria - How Fragmented Are They>

We included all newspapers, all news and current affairs programs on Austrian television channels and the four major German channels, the websites of these offline outlets, magazines, radio news, and teletext. In addition, we compiled an extensive list of websites that are not linked to any offline source but that offer at least some general interest news. For each source, we asked respondents for the number of days it is used in a typical week.

<The head and heart of news avoidance - How attitudes about the news media relate to levels of news consumption>

Table 1. Measures of news consumption.
Mean (SD)
NP articles (print or online) 3.151 (2.672)
Television news (tv or online) 4.061 (2.747)
Online news websites 2.079 (2.352)
News on social media sites 2.988 (2.729)
Conservative news 1.616 (2.278)
Liberal news 1.616 (2.278)
Total Overall News Consumption Index1 14.997 (8.491)
Note. Exposure measured in the number of days per week (0–7 days).
1Index is the sum of the six news exposure items; with a possible range of 0–42.

News consumption measures

Total overall news consumption index. 

Respondents indicated how many days in thepast week they consumed six types of news: newspaper articles in print or online,television news via TV or online, online news websites, news on social media, newswith a conservative perspective and news with a liberal perspective. Descriptiveinformation is provided in Table 1. Consistent with past studies on news avoidance, asingle summative measure of overall news exposure was created. Following Ksiazeket al. (2010) and Strömbäck (2017), the six items were summed to produce a ‘totalnews use index’ that ranges from 0 (never consumed any of the six news types) to 42(consumed all six news types, 7 days a week). This measure reflects respondents’sheer volume of news intake, regardless of the particular source(s) they get newsfrom.

Extremely low total news consumption.

An additional measure of news consumption wasconstructed to identify respondents who spend little to no time with news. Respondentswere classified as having extremely low total overall news consumption if their totaloverall news consumption index score was below 6.5 (reflecting one standard deviationbelow the sample mean). This resulted in 15.6% of respondents (n = 234) classified asTable 1. Measures of news consumption.Mean (SD)NP articles (print or online) 3.151 (2.672)Television news (tv or online) 4.061 (2.747)Online news websites 2.079 (2.352)News on social media sites 2.988 (2.729)Conservative news 1.616 (2.278)Liberal news 1.616 (2.278)Total Overall News Consumption Index1 14.997 (8.491)Note. Exposure measured in the number of days per week (0–7 days).1Index is the sum of the six news exposure items; with a possible range of 0–42.8 Journalism 00(0)extremely low in their overall news consumption. On average, these people report consumingnews less than 1 day a week (M = 0.636 days/week) across the six items. Thiscutoff is in line with past studies that classify avoidance based on exposure levels (Shehata,2016; Strömbäck, 2017).

<Transnational News Consumption and Digital Content Mobility>

The questions were designed so that they could capture three dimensions of transnational news consumption practices: habits, motives and attitudes. The questions were also constructed in such a way that they could generate knowledge about differences and relationships between domestic and transnational forms of news consumption. Questions on habits focused on frequency in usage on different platforms. Questions on motives tried to capture professional, social as well as informational dimensions. Attitudes, at last, were captured in terms of perceived quality. All questions and response options are detailed below.



<What’s This - Incidental Exposure to News on Social Media, News-Finds-Me Perception, News Efficacy, and News Consumption>

To assess traditional news consumption, we asked how many days respondents read/watched/listened to news from a specific media channel. A television news consumption index was created by averaging days spent on (1) network television, (2) local television, and (3) cable. 

Print news consumption was assessed with (1) national newspapers, (2) local newspapers,
and (3) current-affairs magazines.

Radio news consumption was measured with (1) network radio and (2) local radio.

Following Strömbäck, Djerf-Pierre, and Shehata (2013), we averaged the above three indices and created a traditional news consumption index.

Online Media News Consumption. To create an online news consumption
index, we averaged the days respondents spent reading news from (1) online news
sites and (2) news aggregators such as Yahoo! News, Naver News.

Social Media News Consumption. Respondents were asked, “How many
days during the last week did you read/watch news” on (1) Facebook, (2) Twitter,
and (3) YouTube?



（接上个主题）媒体消费研究方法的进化：媒体类型→观众消费行为

<News-seekers and Avoiders - Exploring Patterns of Total News Consumption Across Media and the Relationship to Civic Participation>

The new media environment enables varied styles of news consumption.

These varied patterns of news consumption across media support Ahlers‘ (2006) contention
that one needs a “consumer-centric” way of looking at exposure to all sources of news rather than simply tracking medium-by-medium trends.

These results are also consistent with Prior’s (2007) finding that an important, but often unnoticed, consequence of increased choice in the media environment is a growing polarization in news consumption, where more options afford media consumers the opportunity to seek out or avoid the news.


别的学者认为的、前人的量化媒体消费的误区

<News-seekers and Avoiders - Exploring Patterns of Total News Consumption Across Media and the Relationship to Civic Participation>

There are two major problems with this way of monitoring news consumption. First, those who once relied heavily on broadcast news or newspapers may now divide their news consumption across multiple platforms. Alternatively, audience members may simply shift their attention to cable or online news outlets, as the above trends might suggest, or away from news media altogether.

Second, medium-specific trends typically report changes in average or total consumption over time.

在此基础上，后人学者的量化尝试

Kim and Kim (2009) developed two indices, one measuring exposure to TV news and the other to entertainment content. Whether this sort of polarization characterizes Total News Consumption remains to be seen.

跨国新闻消费的定义（瑞典为本国）

Transnational consumption is defined here as consumption of “foreign news media”, e.g. any type of news produced by media companies outside of Sweden, irrespectively of language, platform, market, target group or country of origin.



疫情期间人们新闻消费的表现

<Work as Replenishment or Responsibility Moderating Effects of Occupational Calling on the Within-Person Relationship Between COVID-19 News Consumption and Work Engagement>

In the context of the present study, higher levels of news consumption during the pandemic are likely to lead to greater anxiety due to a heightened awareness of the myriad valued resources threatened by the pandemic (e.g., money, social connections, well-being). This anxiety also expends resources (e.g., energy, attention), thereby further contributing to resource loss.

we find that greater COVID-related news consumption reduces work engagement via increased anxiety.



疫情期间人们新闻消费的量化

<Work as Replenishment or Responsibility Moderating Effects of Occupational Calling on the Within-Person Relationship Between COVID-19 News Consumption and Work Engagement>

COVID-19 News Consumption In line with prior research (e.g., Wanberg et al., 2020), COVID-19 news consumption was measured with one item that assesses perceived frequency developed for this study: “Over the last week, how much have you followed news coverage on COVID-19 (via cable, social media, the Internet, etc.)?” Response options ranged from 1 (Not at all) to 5 (Very much).

研究疫情期间人们新闻消费的意义

<Work as Replenishment or Responsibility Moderating Effects of Occupational Calling on the Within-Person Relationship Between COVID-19 News Consumption and Work Engagement>

Our study helps elucidate a key predictor—COVID-19 news consumption—that can serve as a fruitful target forinterventions designed to protect and promote employee well-beingand productivity during this challenging time, as well as an indi-vidual difference variable that helps to explain which employees aremore or less susceptible to disengagement during this pandemic.More broadly, we hope our work inspires organizations and re-searchers to figure out how to make work a resource rather than adrain to more workers during this difficult time.

Publication - New LR ver. 3


Surviving the New Normal: How Foreigners in Urban China Consume News in the COVID-19 Pandemic

New outline for the LR:

1.	Media polarization and people’s consumption of news
2.	Media trust (of people) and consumption of news
3.	People’s consumption of news before and after the breaking-out of a public emergency or health crisis
4.	Consumption of news on public emergencies/health crisis by diasporas 

导师修改意见：按照英文outline来写

LR新架构

1.1【新媒体环境下】的新闻消费习惯是怎样一种情况；

Nowadays, the rise of the Internet has brought great changes to the current media environment. Yuan (2011) found out that media ownership and corresponding business decisions were being adjusted in line with the trending journalism convergence, which resulted in the dominating situation in media industry and concentration in media market by several media cartels. 

Meanwhile, modern Internet-based media, such as forums, blogs, and social media have gained credibility, integrating user-generated content in publishing, exchanging, and spreading news (Pentina & Tarafdar, 2014). The amount of usable information has been greatly increased and the "costs" needed to access it has been decreased (Fletcher & Park, 2017).

With people's increased access to news and the rapid increase in the volume of news information, the threshold for individuals and organizations to write and distribute news content has been lowered, resulting in the emergence of alternative media. Fuchs (2010) notes that they “are mass media that challenge the dominant capitalist forms of media production, media structures, content, distribution, and reception” (P. 178). 

One of the most noteworthy aspects of alternative media is their functioning outside the hierarchical structure of mainstream media companies (Atton, 2002; Downing, 2001). And being “alternative” to mainstream media’s ideology, alternative media aim to target the niche markets of news consumers, to introduce their offerings predominantly on non-institutional outlets (Wang, 2018).

Nevertheless, with the trend of easier Internet access and the popularity of digital devices, alternative media is able to reach a wider range of target audience (Rauch, 2016). Therefore, the line between alternative media and mainstream media has become blurred (Rauch, 2016), especially as some mainstream-seeming media have instead achieved some of the ideals of alternative media (Hamilton, 2008). Additionally, research proposes that the working conditions of alternative media employers are worse off than those of mainstream media (Rauch, 2016), making it difficult for alternative media to maintain their ideals and stay in touch with a wider range of audiences in the digital era (Forde 2011). Therefore, as a consequence of their declining influence, news consumers of some alternative media have been diverted by some mainstream media outlets. Thus, news consumers are not very loyal to specific media channels. Moreover, from news consumers’ perspective, they emphasize alternative content more highly than its form in an environment of media convergence, which differs from the aforementioned academic view (Rauch, 2015).

Meanwhile, in the current media environment which is heavily influenced by the Internet, social media has become the most popular media and can be said to be a gathering place to witness evolving media changes. 

Today, approximately 93 percent of U.S. adults read news online, with 67 percent having it through social media (Shearer & Gottfried, 2017), and the proportion tends to be even higher in countries in Southern Europe or Latin America (Newman et al., 2017).

In today’s media environment, it is common for news consumers to integrate multiple news media outlets, whether conventional or emerging, into their own use modes, which reflects more complex relationships between media uses (Yuan, 2011).

Considering this, Pentina and Tarafdar (2014) stated that as an inﬂuential medium, the emergence of the Internet has dramatically altered existing models of consumption of information and news. News consumption has been greatly influenced by the growing availability of media outlets and sources, and the increasing probabilities of news consumers’ interaction and co-creation. 

Since then, the way that people source news has been evolving. News consumers receive news simultaneously from various outlets, thus multi-tasking on several screens and from different media (Kelly & Bostrom, 1995). As a consequence, people have to deal with a wealth of additional knowledge, often irrelevant to their desires and needs, including spam and scam (Denning, 2006). Because of the human’s limited capacity of dealing with information (Thorson et al., 1985), the 24/7 news feed can affect news consumers’ capacities of processing information and making decisions, which is the “information overload” (Pentina & Tarafdar, 2014).

Worse still, concerns have been raised over the use of artificial intelligence by news distribution platforms to personalize user experience for news consumers, which may lead to the phenomena of “filter bubbles” (Pariser, 2011) or “echo chambers” (Sunstein, 2001). While diversity is neglected, such developments have already led to an increased challenge of public debate fragmentation and division (Tewksbury et al., 2008). 

Also, since algorithms are used by social media to promote distribution efficiency, people’s news consumption habits have also been deeply influenced by algorithms in the Internet era. Driven by opaque algorithms, news consumers have a greater chance of exposure to misinformation/disinformation regarding COVID-19, which demonstrate a worse situation of “filter bubbles” and “echo chambers” (Jang & Kim, 2018; Dhanani & Franz, 2020). Despite this, people’s low trust in social media content may trigger users to have higher engagement in news consumption and participation because of the negative attitudes towards corresponding content such as distrust or disapproval (Fletcher & Park, 2017).

Additionally, because the 24/7 news feed that is driven by algorithms has made social media more intrusive, some news consumers’ have experienced information overload due to limited capacities of information processing (Pentina & Tarafdar, 2014). In light of this, some may limit or stop their engagement with social media, denying or deliberately remaining unaware of the presence of news, such attitudes or behaviors that some scholars call digitox or digital disconnection (Aldoory & Van Dyke, 2006; Hampton, 2010; Foot, 2014; Woodstock, 2014; Wilcockson et al., 2019; Bucher, 2020; Syvertsen, 2020). Consequently, while social media has consistently shaped individuals’ trust in news and worldviews, these media developments have the potential to have a significant and powerful impact on the formation of political understanding, public debate, social and civic consciousness.

1.2 在【公众卫生健康事件】这个语境下，人们的新闻消费习惯是怎样的（递进关系）

For media that are related to a public health emergency, they play a diverse role that shapes people’s perception and behavior patterns. In general, the media messages to which the public is subjected will influence their attitudes and reactions to health crises and corresponding social problems (Randolph & Viswanath, 2004; Anderson, 2009; Sugimoto et al., 2013; Schmidt et al., 2018). In addition, media also plays a significant role in educating the decisions of the public by affecting the accessibility of accessible information while making judgments (Wyer & Radvansky, 1999). Furthermore, media are able to build socio-cultural pressure to comply with beliefs, norms, or behaviors conveyed by publishing material (Barlett et al., 2008; Grabe et al., 2008). Kim (2015) indicates that media features and editorial relevance to the news have direct consequences for Internet-based public health outreach initiatives, where news messages and their placement on the website are considered important.

Notably, during a public health emergency such as the H1N1 pandemic, although information that is used to improve protection and prevention is difficult to found on the Internet (Gesualdo et al., 2010). Etingen et al. (2013) found out that during it is reported that many people have shown greater interest in news that is consistent with infection control activities. As more Internet users have learned to search for health details, the Internet has played a crucial role as a source of information on the H1N1 pandemic (Bennett & Glasgow, 2009). 

2. 在新媒体环境下，对【媒体持有不同信任度的人群】的【新闻消费习惯】

For news consumers, as their trust in news has altered over time, so have their news consumption habits. In the past, people’s trust in news continued to decline in the United States after a 20-year period marked by a high level of trust in news from the 1950s to the 1970s (Ladd, 2012; Kalogeropoulos et al., 2019).

In view of this, several factors have been outlined by researchers. News consumers’ trust in news media is positively associated with political engagement, interpersonal confidence, and television and newspaper news consumption (Kalogeropouloset et al., 2019; Tsfati & Ariely, 2014). Meanwhile, news consumers’ perceptions of corruption, education level, and online news exposure are negatively correlated (Hakhverdian & Mayne, 2012; Tsfati & Ariely, 2014). For news consumers in different age groups, their trust in the media varies. Younger individuals are more likely than older people to have an inclination towards non-mainstream news outlets. Likewise, for people who have lower levels of interest in the news, they are more likely to show the inclination for non-mainstream news outlets than those with a higher level of interest (Fletcher & Park, 2017).

In the current media environment, news consumers’ level of trust in the media also varies depending on the type of media. As more information moves online, social networking sites are developing into our society’s gatekeepers, a position once restricted to legacy media journalists (Bozdag, 2013). However, people's trust in social media is lower than that of legacy media, because “social media allows for the easy and widespread distribution of information while also having minimal standards to assess the credibility of such information” (Dhanani & Franz, 2020, p. 10).

Likewise, Newman et al. (2017) report that people are more inclined to use non-mainstream news sources than ever before. Similarly, people who use conventional news outlets and non-mainstream news media are related to higher levels of news confidence. Those who use social media as the primary news source have lower trust in the news. For news consumers who are doubtful of news media’s motivations, reporting shows lower confidence in the news (Kalogeropoulos et al., 2019).

Considering news consumers have diverse levels of trust in different media, their trust also influences their news consumption and even participation. Fletcher and Park (2017) conclude that those “with low trust in the news media are more likely to prefer non-mainstream news sources, and are more likely to engage in online news participation” (p. 2). Lee (2010) concludes that, following the continued use of trusted news media, news consumers are satisfied with news coverage, and further trust in a particular medium is established.

3. 这种消费习惯在【疫情前后】是否存在差异（表述前后情况，总结不同）

For a public health emergency such as the COVID-19 pandemic, people's trust in media has undergone new changes. Coleman et al. discover (2011) that health news that portrays health issues as being avoidable and offers advice for protection help more news consumers to make practical changes. During the pandemic, a variety of adverse effects are connected with the use of social media, including the endorsement of COVID-19 misinformation/disinformation, lower comprehension of how the disease is handled, and greater prejudice against Asian Americans (Dhanani & Franz, 2020).

In addition to causing deep fissures within the public, these different messages have also contributed to dangerous behaviors such as declining to comply with mandatory mask rules (Mervosh et al., 2020), violence against those who attempt to implement such practices (MacFarquhar, 2020). Moreover, there is growing discrimination against Asians who have been accused of COVID-19 (Ruiz et al., 2020).

By adopting framing strategies, media stressed the danger to public health posted the pandemic, concentrated on civil rights debates (Ingraham, 2020), or highlighted the influence of the virus on the economy (Hilton, 2020). However, in addition to raising people’s concerns about knowledge concerning COVID-19, researchers particularly pay close attention to the dissemination of misinformation or disinformation about COVID-19 and access that news consumption habit is likely associated with the consumption of and the inclination of misinformation regarding COVID-19 (Dhanani & Franz, 2020). Like, 30% of Americans believe COVID-19 was developed in a laboratory, and most Americans admit that press coverage exaggerates the risks associated with the virus (Mitchell & Oliphant, 2020).

For previous studies on other important lapses of public confidence linked to infectious diseases, such as people’s vacillation in the vaccine, they investigated how and why misinformation prevails amid the availability of evidence debunking false statements (Lewandowsky et al., 2012).

Researchers stated that the persistence of misinformation/disinformation can make it more troublesome to counter this message, as it shows that such opposition can undermine one's worldview (Lewandowsky et al., 2012). It further underlines the significance of news media users consume that can present false statements and continuously reinforce them (Dhanani & Franz, 2020). Worse still, the proliferation of the Internet and social media has the potential to increase the spread of disinformation by enabling the simple and rapid disclosure of unconfirmed news (Dhanani & Franz, 2020).

In particular, individuals’ and public health awareness affects news consumption related to COVID-19, and it plays a key role in people’s approach to improve access to healthcare. Previous researches have revealed that during a public health emergency such as COVID-19, news consumers have spent more time to consume COVID-19 related news, and focused and verified more on the authenticity of news sources. Guo (2020) indicates that news consumers in China spend around 2 hours a day to read relevant information during COVID-19, and 65% of respondents were very keen to consume news regarding the pandemic in many aspects. Moreover, in terms of news sources, more than half of news consumers trusted relevant news from official media, professional media, and digital governmental platforms (Guo, 2020). In comparison, a mere 6% of news consumers have confidence in the information that was circulated mainly through social media (Guo, 2020). This indicates that in the context of COVID-19 development and the gradual increase in the dissemination of misinformation/disinformation, driven by health awareness, news consumers have spent more time and effort to screen relevant information.

Subsequently, speaking of public health awareness, although the trust level of social media is not as high as other mainstream media such as television and printed newspapers, it is argued that the use of social media channels has a positive effect on public health understanding of changes in behaviors and public protection against COVID-19 given the increasing dependence on social media as a news source (Shearer, 2018; Al-Dmour et al., 2020). Furthermore, public health organizations may benefit from debunking misinformation/disinformation and bias-reduction movements for those who depend on social media like Facebook for informational needs (Seymour, 2018; Dhanani & Franz, 2020).

Research Questions

China, one of the most severely affected countries by COVID-19, has recently achieved some developments in curbing the transmission of the virus (Wang, 2020). In Suzhou, there were dozens of COVID-19 cases and no death case was reported so far (Wang et al., 2020). This may be somewhat due to the effective avoidance of media-facilitated literacy (Liu, 2020). 

However, as a Master’s student in an international joint venture university - Xi’an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, I witnessed and experienced some events that many of my foreign classmates and friends have to adjust their study styles and lifestyles to survive, or to get by. Many foreigners were forced to stay out of China which could be a hardship for them, for those who had to stay in China, or in Suzhou, faced and are still facing a completely different environment (communication, media, lifestyles, etc.), which means they have a more urgent need for information related to COVID-19 than locals, and this information is an important reference point for them to make their next move in the COVID-19. So far, foreigners who live in Suzhou had experienced the COVID-19 outbreak and the New Normal periods. According to the COVID-19 data trackers, the time period of the early COVID-19 outbreak is from January 2020 to April 2020 (Ritchie et al., 2021). The New Normal, can be understood as the post-pandemic era (in China), and unless the world discovers a cure and vaccine for COVID-19, people will have to adapt to live in the new normal (M., 2020). 

Moreover, since the 1918 Spanish Flu, the media environment has evolved a lot, especially since the birth of the Internet. Nowadays, misinformation/disinformation has rampaged through media such as social media, which could be fatal when someone tries to make decisions based on this during the COVID-19. Additionally, because of the emerging situation of COVID-19, there are limited researches focus on how people who live in a different environment consume COVID-19 related news. 

Considering this, I believe my research topic would contribute to current media studies during COVID-19 and have a beneficial impact on how Suzhou authorities or international organizations can better communicate with foreigners living in Suzhou during a public health emergency like COVID-19.

In light of this, I propose my research topic in this dissertation: Surviving the New Normal: A Case Study of How Foreigners Living in Suzhou Consume News in the Presence of the COVID-19 Pandemic.

And the following research questions were therefore formulated.

RQ1: How media environment affects news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou?

Sub-question 1: How media environment affected the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou before the COVID-19?

Sub-question 2: How media environment affects the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou during the COVID-19?

RQ2: How people’s trust in media affects the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou?

Sub-question 1: How people’s trust in media affected the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou before the COVID-19?

Sub-question 2: How people’s trust in the media affects the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou during the COVID-19?

RQ3: How have the different stages of development of the COVID-19 affected the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou?

Sub-question 1: How did the early stages of the COVID-19 outbreak affect the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou?

Sub-question 2: How did the New Normal affect the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou?



