Notes for new literature review

Foreign Immigrants' or Diasporas' News Consumption Patterns

文献整理 Foreign Immigrants' or Diasporas' News Consumption Patterns

中国流行文化与西方文化的有机结合，对于Malaysian Chinese新闻消费的影响

<The head and heart of news avoidance - How attitudes about the news media relate to levels of news consumption>

Chinese popular culture constitutes one of the most prolific arenas for trans-national cultural sharing between Chinese populations today. Fuelled by new communication technologies and vast opportunities for commercial profit, trends in everything from music, films, videos, and television programmes, to fashion, sports, and food have spread throughout the Chinese world. Quite typically, Chinese popular cultures creatively mix various Western forms with selective components from Chinese culture, drawing on themes from Chinese traditions but recasting them to fit current situations.

居住在与中国文化不相近的地区的海外华人，他们的新闻消费窘境

<The head and heart of news avoidance - How attitudes about the news media relate to levels of news consumption>

Overseas Chinese, who reside in nation-states that are not similarly coextensive with Chinese culture, face very different issues as they negotiate their ethnic, national and cultural identities, and we will expect that their responses to transnational Chinese media will reflect these local as well as wider concerns.

对于不同媒体的不同反应，体现着Malaysian Chinese的不同社会属性

The diversity of responses towards various types of Chinese media
also reflected divisions within the Malaysian Chinese community itself
in terms of generation, gender and social class.

A similar division was somewhat apparent in male and female responses, with males more attracted to the often violent, cruder, sexier Hong Kong productions and women more likely to enjoy the family and love themes of Taiwan shows or to appreciate the artistry of productions from China. A third division occurred with socio-economic class. Popular Hong Kong productions had greater appeal among business types and more average students, while the more sophisticated Mandarin programmes, particularly films from China, had a greater following among people with professional or intellectual backgrounds.



外国精英阶层的移民对于媒体消费，更倾向于他们的祖国

<Engaged, But Not Immersed - Tracking the Mediated Public Connection of Filipino Elite Migrants in London>

The media consumption of our respondents indicates a public connection oriented towards the homeland rather than the host country, challenging assumptions that elite migrants become cosmopolitanized during their travels and detach themselves from their roots (Latham,2006).

Their media consumption in London only served to reinforce their previous interests, but did not in fact spark (or cosmopolitanize) them.







影响伊朗裔挪威人的文化接收的因素

<Iranian-Norwegian Media Consumption - Identity and Positioning>

Obviously, factors such as gender, age group, family, education, class, ethnicity and so forth are important factors in cultural reception (Staiger 1992),

a strikingly common trait can be observed among most of the respondents: there is a significant attraction to issues relating to Iran.

One aspect is obviously the focus on Iran as one’s homeland.

Another aspect is related to the respondents’ status as immigrants in Norway.

The third aspect of Iranian-Norwegians’ relationship with the media is their focus on
Islam.

While Kaveh and Pari are multi-consumers, Bahram’s media consumption is limited to Iranian TV, and Lale consumes mostly Norwegian media. Bahram consumes mainly Iranian TV.

To various degrees, respondents often held a critical position towards the representation of the media regarding their Iranianess, immigrant status and Muslim background.

Most of the respondents in this study reject the dominant ideas of their Iranianess as
represented in Norwegian and Iranian media.






本论文的目的是检验以下设想：当少数族裔更加关注居住地的国家电视台，而不是祖国的国家电视台的时候，他们感觉更加融入

< News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora >

The aim is to examine the assumption that people of minority ethnic background are more integrated when they prefer the national television of their society of residence rather than that of their country of origin.

少数族裔的新闻消费反映的是他们在旅居地缺乏的融入感

< News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora >

Discussion of ethnic minorities’ news media consumption and need for news is thus part of a more comprehensive discourse on how already marked ethnic minorities lack integration in their society of residence.

观看祖国的电视台的行为可以被归为一种跨国实践

< News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora >

I suggest that watching television news from the homeland may be characterized as a transnational practice.

作者认为的少数族裔具有与主流人群不一样的媒体消费的原因

< News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora >

It is my contention that scepticism and experience of multiple belonging influences news consumption practices so that they differ significantly from those practiced by the majority population.

语言能力决定消费的媒体来源，移民和他们后代的能力有很大差别

<News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora>

According to interview data from Denmark, immigrant populations in Europe do indeed prefer to watch television channels that transmit in their mother tongue and primarily broadcast news from the homeland. This also applies to immigrants of Turkish origin. At the same time people of ethnic minority background express the desire to obtain television news about the country in which they are now residing (Car?e and Sell, 2000).

跨国消费频道在向少数族裔传递新闻的过程中起了很大作用

<News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora>

It seems that these transnational-commercial channels, at least currently, play a larger role in the transmission of news to ethnic minority groups than such channels do for majority populations in Europe.

受访的在丹麦的侨民家庭表示对祖国的新闻、国际新闻以及丹麦的新闻感兴趣。

<News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora>

In extension of the pattern for their choice of media, the interviewed families express an interest in news from the homeland, international news, as well as news from Denmark.

侨民对于新闻媒体的使用与以下因素有关

<News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora>

Diaspora lives seems to be linked to three specific factors concerning the use of news media:
1.	difficulties in acquiring relevant news, and partly as a consequence, a feeling of lack of news and information, which in some cases gives rise to frustration;
2.	a clear dispersal of news sources combined with a strong tendency for television as the preferred news medium;
3.	a critical attitude toward the message forwarded in the national news

在丹麦侨民消费新闻遇到的困难，以及破局的努力

<News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora>

The problem for diaspora populations in Denmark is not to achieve access to the news media, but to obtain news adapted to their special needs.

it appears that ethnic minorities attempt to handle the lack of a single news source that covers their varied needs in two ways: they use more time to obtain news, and they choose from several news sources




德国的调研确认侨民对于祖国新闻的兴趣占比最大

<News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora>

The German survey confirms an interest for homeland news among ethnic minorities. News of this type attains the highest proportion in a ranked list. When asked about their attitudes to obtaining news from the country of origin, 57 percent answered, ‘very interested’ and 30 percent answered, ‘relatively interested’.

侨民对于自身在新闻中被描述的方式持批判态度，同时他们被描述为“others”，进而加强了他们与主流群体的紧张关系

<News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora>

Without exception, that is, across educational and language skill levels, the interviewed families were critical about the way in which the ethnic minorities were depicted in the news.

On the other hand, a number of studies conclude that in the national news broadcasts in Denmark, immigrants and ethnic minorities are consistently presented as ‘the other’ (Gaarde Madsen,2000; Hussain, 2000: 96, 106; Morley and Robins, 1995: 125), i.e. as excluded from the nation of Danes.

Thus negative and problem-oriented representations of immigrants in the national news in Denmark lead to increased tensions between ethnic minorities and the majority population.

通过媒体的曝光，侨民社群可以更加接近自己想象中的样子

<News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora>

It is therefore unlikely that we will see the creation of new superordinate imagined communities in the transnational social spaces, but imagined communities can thrive and become more self-conscious through exposure in the media, notably television.

欧洲国内媒体开始意识到向侨民介绍新家园的潜力

<News media consumption among immigrants in Europe - The relevance of diaspora>

And with the advent of new media technologies homeland television channels are beginning to realize their potential for introducing expatriates in Europe and elsewhere to their new homelands. Transnational television channels increasingly direct their broadcasts to migrated populations, in which case we are approaching a useful replacement of public service television produced in the European countries and indicating transnational social spaces as the relevant frame for integration among the ethnic minorities, discussed in the above.

<Virtual space, real identity: Exploring cultural identity of Chinese Diaspora in virtual community>

针对在美中国人的在线社区文化认同的采访问题结构

Questions for the interview are divided into three categories: first, the behavior and attitude of the usage of Internet; second, the influence Internet in the values and behavior of the interviewees; third, representation of self-identity.

以上采访的发现

The most often used techniques by the 10 participants are e-mail, BBS and web page.

Most of them never visit American BBS except one people.

Most of them visit these BBS at least one time every day and only one of them goes there two or three times every month.

These BBS have multiple functions for these Chinese Diasporas. The main purpose includes reading news, especially those about China or former school and class-mates; searching for information, such as visa, job, travel and weather; for relaxation and entertainment, such as reading essays and jokes; or for some academic use.

Most of the interviewees visit Chinese BBS as a habit in daily life and have the feeling of ‘‘familiarity and warmness’’. Though they also visit English sites, such as the web page of CNN and BBC, the main purpose is to get information and keep pace with the outside world of the US without such feeling on Chinese BBS.

针对以上发现的总结

For these interviewees, they still retain strong links with their places of origin and their traditions. They built the virtual communities to exchange news about China and talk about topics on Chinese politics and economy. Even many jokes for entertainment are also based on Chinese history or culture.

For those Chinese Diasporas, the virtual communities are of great significance to keep their connection with China and develop the attachment to the homeland. Through the exchange of the cultural symbols and meaning, they develop strong identification with China.






<What cultural identity do you have - Korean diasporic community and news consumption>

研究在美韩国人新闻消费的必要性

The development of digital technology and communication has contributed to reshaping preexisting forms of diaspora. It has helped immigrants access their homeland media directly. It has further made interactions with other diasporic members more convenient and prompt. They can obtain news of the host country more easily using their online ethnic media. These changes become social forces to influence the diasporic community and its members? identity.

it is necessary to understand what media contents people of the current diaspora consume, and how they interact with one another based on their media consumption within their diasporic community.


Digital diaspora的成型

digital media have become influential in constructing the national consciousness of migrants in the globalization.

It is ‘the distinct online network that diasporic people use to re-create identities, share opportunities, spread their culture, [and] influence homeland and host-land policy’ (Alonsoand Oiarzabal, 2010: 11).

Digital media 对于 digital diaspora 的影响

Indeed, media technologies have helped people not only how to communicate, but also how to construct their social environment (Meyrowitz 1985).

The Internet and online environment have made it easier for people of diasporic communities to connect with one other, both in their motherland and host country.

However, immigrants’ host country news consumption and the particular topics of the motherland news that interest them have been rarely discussed in previous research.

针对上述话题的研究成果

1.	Focused topics vary, depending on the countries

News postings with images drew more attention than other postings. If community members could watch the event in real time via digital media, more viewership and related threads ensued.

In a similar vein, information about living in the U.S. is another of their main concerns. Immigration policies, healthcare information, and other germane information are critical for them to sustain a settled life in the U.S.

2.	Relations between the U.S. and Korea matter

Not only do the topics include Korean news reports about U.S. events and vice-versa, but also how the two countries perceive mutual relations between them is a key concern.

The immigrants attempted to understand the relationship between Korea and the U.S., and how the U.S evaluated Korea from diverse perspectives.

Indeed, their contradictory attitudes toward their homeland and the U.S. reflect their status between the two nations.

3.	Ongoing dependence on Korean media and language

If the issues were linked to the Korean community in the U.S., the responses tended to be more prompt and aggressive.

Their interests and perceptions on specific topics are influenced not by their cultural identities, but by various needs based on their daily lives.


文献整理 Media polarization and people’s consumption of news

New outline for the LR:

1.	Media polarization and people’s consumption of news

美国媒体极化的表现

< Why Americans Hate the Media and How It Matters-Princeton University Press (2011)>

While results vary considerably, possibly resulting from poor and inconsistent sampling techniques, overall polls from the 1930s indicate only a moderate amount of trust in the media’s fairness.15 In 1937, Gallup found that 47% of respondents thought the newspapers they read were “fair in their treatment of political news,” while 38% thought they were unfair. In the same year, a Roper poll asking simply “Is the press fair?” prompted 66% to answer yes. Yet in a 1939 Gallup poll only 29%of respondents thought “newspapers are fair in their treatment of political news,” while 61% thought they were unfair. However, the 1937Roper poll and the 1939 Gallup poll appear to be outliers. More mixed results like those in the 1937 Gallup poll were more typical. In 1946, when Gallup asked whether “you think the newspapers you read are fair or not fair in their reporting of the following news, excluding the editorials?” modestly more people thought news was fair than unfair in every category of news: news about Russia (44% to 31%), political news (45%to 35%), labor news (49% to 31%), news of Britain (50% to 26%), and news of international affairs (52% to 23%) (Erskine 1970C71, 635).

希腊的媒体极化的表现

< Digital Technology and Journalism An International Comparative Perspective (Jingrong Tong, Shih-Hung Lo (eds.)) (2017)>

Evidence from the Greek blogosphere shows that these voices are beginning to challenge traditional frames. Going back to the frame packages, the framing of the Greek government’s responsibility in the financial crisis demonstrates the unique packaging of information that sources such as news blogs can enable. In the case of newspapers, the framing of the government is consistent with the relationship that newspapers have traditionally shared with the political circles of power. In line with the new political scenery that led to abandonment of the classic Manichaean depiction between right and left parties in Greece, traditional news6 JOURNALISM CULTURE AND PROFESSIONAL IDENTITY IN TRANSIT … 133media appear to have shifted from reflecting distinct left/right political tendencies to new ideological divisions, such as supporting or condemning the memoranda and the European policies. The new polarizations also reflected in the framing of the then-opposition party SYRIZA.SYRIZA is positioned mainly against the TROIKA, rather than against the government. It is framed as the party that will “save” the country from the catastrophic European policies.






新的技术，尤其是互联网的崛起，为极化提供了一个温土

< Digital Technology and Journalism An International Comparative Perspective (Jingrong Tong, Shih-Hung Lo (eds.)) (2017)>

In the midst of the utopianism of the early digital age, Sunstein’s workon the Internet and democratic dialogue warned of the dangers of156 P. Hoeyideological echo chambers where the deliberative rational critical dialogue,which he sees as vital for democracy, erodes in the face of partisanship.It could have been a parable for Northern Irish political life.New technologies, emphatically including the Internet, make it easier forpeople to surround themselves (virtually of course) with the opinions oflike-minded but otherwise isolated others, and to insulate themselves fromcompeting views. For this reason alone, they are a breeding ground forpolarization, and potentially dangerous for both democracy and socialpeace. (Sunstein 2009, p. 44)

津巴布韦的媒体极化表现

< Digital Technology and Journalism An International Comparative Perspective (Jingrong Tong, Shih-Hung Lo (eds.)) (2017)>

Zimbabwe has a competitive authoritarianregime. Despite a facade of a democratic predisposition, electionsare periodically manipulated in favour of the ruling party ZANU-PF(Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front). Democratic spacefor opposition political parties and civil society organisations has shrunkover the years, and media polarization has impacted negatively on thepractice of professional journalism (IMPI report 2014). Thus, at thelevel of media systems and journalistic practices, Zimbabwe has what hasbeen termed the “polarised pluralist media” system (Hallin and Mancini2004, p. 129), which is buttressed by serious political parallelism. Theprint media is dominated by the state media empire, the ZimbabweNewspapers Group (Zimpapers), which promotes government propagandawhile the private press acts as a countervailing force sympatheticto the cause of opposition parties. Professionalism is heavily compromisedby poor working conditions, polarisation and flagrant ethical transgressions(Mabweazara 2011b).

新冠疫情下，民主党、共和党人士对于疫情态度、行为的异同

< Polarization and public health: Partisan differences in social distancing
during the coronavirus pandemic>

We use location data from a large sample of smartphones to show that areas with more Republicans engaged in less social distancing, controlling for other factors including public policies, population density, and local COVID cases and deaths. We then present new survey evidence of significant gaps at the individual level between Republicans and Democrats in self-reported social distancing, beliefs about personal COVID risk, and beliefs about the future severity of the pandemic.

如果人们接触到的新闻声称疫情的风险较小，那么人们会有更小的机率来保持

< Polarization and public health: Partisan differences in social distancing
during the coronavirus pandemic>

Ash et al. (2020), Bursztyn et al. (2020) and Simonov et al. (2020)find that people social distance less if quasi-randomly exposed to news sources that argue that COVID-19 is less risky, suggesting that media exposure is one possible driver for our results.2

研究结论：分裂的新闻消息推动着党派信仰差异，进而推动了与防疫相关的信念、行为的差异

< Polarization and public health: Partisan differences in social distancing
during the coronavirus pandemic>

One explanation for these results is that media sources have sent divergent messages about the coronavirus Appendix Fig. A12 shows that the partisan gaps in the survey data are smaller when the partisanship of news consumption is controlled for, and that news partisanship is statistically significantly correlated with beliefs even when party is controlled for. While our evidence does not permit us to pin down the ultimate causes of partisan divergence, these patterns are consistent with divergent messaging playing an important role in driving differences in beliefs and behavior.

针对疫苗接种信息，Facebook强化了Echo chamber 效应

< Polarization of the vaccination debate on Facebook>

Users select information adhering to theirs system of beliefs and tend to ignore dissenting information.

Our findings show that the consumption of content about vaccines is dominated by the echo
chamber effect and that polarization increased over the years.

研究结果显示Facebook 强化了用户对于疫苗的两极反应

< Polarization of the vaccination debate on Facebook>

We show that the communities emerge from the users’ consumption habits and that users are highly polarized, that is, the majority of users only consumes and produces information in favor or against vaccines, not both.

We also showed that both narratives are subjected to selective exposure, and that the more active a user is on Facebook the smaller is the variety of sources they tend to consume.


文献整理 News Consumption Measures

新闻的定义

<The head and heart of news avoidance - How attitudes about the news media relate to levels of news consumption>

This study defines news as information about current events, which can be consumed by audiences in a variety of media spaces, that facilitates civic and political engagement. This definition is sufficiently broad to allow audiences room to identify news on their own terms (Edgerly and Vraga, 2020), while also acknowledging the participatory value of news (Ksiazek et al., 2010; Prior, 2007), and democratic implications if a group of individuals consume little to no news.






当今媒体环境

<News consumption patterns in Iceland>

The balance is shifting towards online news, and social media is becoming increasingly important as a source of news. However, traditional media platforms remain critically important, especially television and legacy media organisations (media established in the analogue era) have successfully established themselves online (Newman et al., 2017).

In this study, I have analysed the patterns of news media use in Iceland and placed them
in an international, mainly Nordic, context. The findings suggest many similarities
between news use patterns in Iceland and the bigger Nordic countries, but also point
to some differences

疫情前后，媒体访问量的变化（Digital Audience、News、Retail、Government、Travel、Television）

<https://www.comscore.com/Insights/Blog/Revisited-Media-Consumption-during-the-Coronavirus-Pandemic>

Digital Audience

Total digital visits (mobile and desktop) across ten key categories peaked during the week of April 20-26, 2020 with 64.3 billion digital visits. Since then, total digital visits have slowly declined, but remain over 30% higher than pre-pandemic levels. These data suggest that while consumers are spending less time online now than at the height of the lockdowns, digital behavior is still significantly more prevalent than it was pre-coronavirus.

News

In looking at non-weather news sites, total visits during the pandemic peaked during the week of April 13-19, 2020 with 8.5 billion total visits. Since mid-May 2020, total digital visits to news sites have remained somewhat steady. The week of July 27-August 2, 2020 saw 7.4 billion visits, which is still 28% higher than pre-pandemic levels.

Retail

For the retail category, we analyzed a competitive set of aggregate visitors to Amazon, Walmart, Costco, Best Buy and Target’s sites. We saw total digital visits for this group of retail sites peak in mid-to-late April 2020, especially as consumers were increasingly shifting their grocery spending to online sources. After declining for several weeks, visitation to these retail sites again picked up in July 2020, reaching 1 billion visits during the week of July 27-August 2, 2020. This is a 50% increase in visitation over pre-pandemic levels, and the 14th week since the end of March 2020 that visitation to these 5 sites combined has topped 1 billion.

Government

Usage of top government sites peaked early on during the pandemic, as consumers flocked to sites such as the CDC, NIH, and the WHO to find information about the coronavirus.  The peak in digital visits to these sites was during the week of March 23-29, 2020. Since then, visits to government sites have quickly returned to near-normal pre-pandemic levels. There were 14.9 million digital visits to government sites during the week of July 27-August 2, 2020, which is only 11% higher than pre-pandemic levels and 72% lower than the peak week.

Travel
 
Travel, one of the hardest-hit categories during the pandemic, shows a very different trend than other categories we have reviewed. This category is broad, and includes all forms of travel, including airlines, aggregators, hospitality, etc. Since the beginning of the pandemic, we see an inverse pattern from previous categories. Instead of a peak with a slow decline, we saw plummeting visitation at the beginning of the pandemic, and a slow climb since. Visitation to travel sites reached a low of 362 million during the week of March 30-April 5, 2020. This came after a peak during the week of March 9-16, 2020, likely caused by increased travel changes and cancellations as a result of the onset of pandemic restrictions. 

Since late March 2020, visitation to travel sites has slowly and steadily risen―during the week of July 27-August 2, 2020, visitation reached 525 million. This is still nearly 40% lower than pre-pandemic levels, but a 45% increase over the low point during mid-March 2020. With the uncertainty surrounding the future of the virus and a potential vaccine, travel will likely take a while to return to its pre-pandemic digital visit levels. However, growth in visits since late March 2020 are a promising sign that the category may be on the right path for a recovery.

Television

The number of television sets in use (SIU) peaked during the week of March 23-29, 2020, one of the first weeks of broad “stay at home” restrictions. SIUs remained high, above 40%, for about the next month, but started to gradually decline during late April 2020. SIUs approached pre-pandemic levels in late June 2020, but began to increase again in July 2020, possibly due to spikes in cases and the reimplementation of some restrictions.

如何量化媒体访问指标（历史回顾）

<Complementarity in Consumption of News Types Across Traditional and New Media>

The consumption of different types of news content on traditional media was
measured on a 1 to 4-point Likert scale

The demographic variables included in the study are age, gender, education, and
income.

< Measuring Media Use Across Platforms - Evolving Audience Information Systems>

who are asked questions on lifestyle and attitudes and media consumption habits (including TV, radio, newspapers, magazines, cinema, catalogues, pay TV, and the Internet).

<Media consumption across platforms - Identifying user-defined repertoires>

This study investigates how patterns of availability and individual traits influence repertoires of media use.

Observers recorded use of 59 such media items. These can be broadly classified into print, audio, and video

Factor analysis is an appropriate data reduction technique for this purpose.

Audience availability. Although availability has explained a large amount of variance in
studies on channel repertoires, as already noted, time spent with a medium does not fully
capture a person’s availability to consume a medium. Instead, a better measure is the
actual time spent at a location where the person has an opportunity to use a medium. For
instance, when a person is at home, he is available to view television and when the person
is commuting he is available to use portable devices such as mobile phones. We
operationalized audience availability through three measures: time spent at work, time
spent at home, and time spent commuting during a day.

Individual demographics. Demographics are known to influence media repertoires as
shown by prior studies (see previous section). The five variables we included were age,
gender, education, income level, and employment status.


Variable Factor 1 Factor 2 Factor 3 Factor 4
Factor 1 C Computing for Work (α = 0.79)
Email 0.7522
Web other 0.7486
Software office/work 0.7312
Software other 0.6394
Web search 0.6210 0.3425

Factor 2 C Television Viewing (α = 0.71)
Commercial/Program promotion 0.8486
Entertainment/Info program 0.8051
News program 0.6495
Channel surfing 0.5729

Factor 3 C Media on Mobile (α = 0.60)
Mobile text/Multimedia messaging 0.7530
Mobile talk 0.7086
Mobile other 0.6185
Mobile web 0.5696

Factor 4 C Media Online (α = 0.62)
Online video sites 0.7913
Digital video streaming 0.7332
Web news and sports 0.3687 0.5777
A closer examination suggests that the composition of these repertoires is guided by the social context within which the medium is used.

The patterns of availability and use, we observed, are deeply embedded in the rhythms
of day-to-day life such as work, leisure, commute, and sleep.

our findings strongly suggest that these will reflect not only individual needs
and preferences, but also how users commandeer the available media resources to man
age the routines of day-to-day life.

< News Consumption across Media Platforms and Content>

The current study addresses this empirical question using a two-step confirmatory approach to identify news repertoires among young news users based on (1) media platform use and (2) news content preferences.

By adopting a two-step model of choice in which news repertoires are first identified based on platform use and then used to predict content preferences, this study addresses both structural and individual-level characteristics of the audience in the construction of news repertoires

I first identify four types of news users across traditional, online, and social media platforms using a confirmatory approach of latent profile analysis. In a second step, these different news repertoires based on platform preferences are used to predict news content preferences. Additionally, the social background characteristics of these different types of young news users are examined.

this study adopts a two-step model of choice by first identifying news repertoires based on platform use and this study adopts a two-step model of choice by first identifying news repertoires based on platform use

Adopting this two-step model of choice facilitates disentangling how platform-based news repertoires are related to particular news content preferences.

this study investigates how news content preferences are related to news repertoires that are based on media platform use.

<Patterns of News Consumption in Austria - How Fragmented Are They>

We included all newspapers, all news and current affairs programs on Austrian television channels and the four major German channels, the websites of these offline outlets, magazines, radio news, and teletext. In addition, we compiled an extensive list of websites that are not linked to any offline source but that offer at least some general interest news. For each source, we asked respondents for the number of days it is used in a typical week.

<The head and heart of news avoidance - How attitudes about the news media relate to levels of news consumption>

Table 1. Measures of news consumption.
Mean (SD)
NP articles (print or online) 3.151 (2.672)
Television news (tv or online) 4.061 (2.747)
Online news websites 2.079 (2.352)
News on social media sites 2.988 (2.729)
Conservative news 1.616 (2.278)
Liberal news 1.616 (2.278)
Total Overall News Consumption Index1 14.997 (8.491)
Note. Exposure measured in the number of days per week (0C7 days).
1Index is the sum of the six news exposure items; with a possible range of 0C42.

News consumption measures

Total overall news consumption index. 

Respondents indicated how many days in thepast week they consumed six types of news: newspaper articles in print or online,television news via TV or online, online news websites, news on social media, newswith a conservative perspective and news with a liberal perspective. Descriptiveinformation is provided in Table 1. Consistent with past studies on news avoidance, asingle summative measure of overall news exposure was created. Following Ksiazeket al. (2010) and Str?mb?ck (2017), the six items were summed to produce a ‘totalnews use index’ that ranges from 0 (never consumed any of the six news types) to 42(consumed all six news types, 7 days a week). This measure reflects respondents’sheer volume of news intake, regardless of the particular source(s) they get newsfrom.

Extremely low total news consumption.

An additional measure of news consumption wasconstructed to identify respondents who spend little to no time with news. Respondentswere classified as having extremely low total overall news consumption if their totaloverall news consumption index score was below 6.5 (reflecting one standard deviationbelow the sample mean). This resulted in 15.6% of respondents (n = 234) classified asTable 1. Measures of news consumption.Mean (SD)NP articles (print or online) 3.151 (2.672)Television news (tv or online) 4.061 (2.747)Online news websites 2.079 (2.352)News on social media sites 2.988 (2.729)Conservative news 1.616 (2.278)Liberal news 1.616 (2.278)Total Overall News Consumption Index1 14.997 (8.491)Note. Exposure measured in the number of days per week (0C7 days).1Index is the sum of the six news exposure items; with a possible range of 0C42.8 Journalism 00(0)extremely low in their overall news consumption. On average, these people report consumingnews less than 1 day a week (M = 0.636 days/week) across the six items. Thiscutoff is in line with past studies that classify avoidance based on exposure levels (Shehata,2016; Str?mb?ck, 2017).

<Transnational News Consumption and Digital Content Mobility>

The questions were designed so that they could capture three dimensions of transnational news consumption practices: habits, motives and attitudes. The questions were also constructed in such a way that they could generate knowledge about differences and relationships between domestic and transnational forms of news consumption. Questions on habits focused on frequency in usage on different platforms. Questions on motives tried to capture professional, social as well as informational dimensions. Attitudes, at last, were captured in terms of perceived quality. All questions and response options are detailed below.



<What’s This - Incidental Exposure to News on Social Media, News-Finds-Me Perception, News Efficacy, and News Consumption>

To assess traditional news consumption, we asked how many days respondents read/watched/listened to news from a specific media channel. A television news consumption index was created by averaging days spent on (1) network television, (2) local television, and (3) cable. 

Print news consumption was assessed with (1) national newspapers, (2) local newspapers,
and (3) current-affairs magazines.

Radio news consumption was measured with (1) network radio and (2) local radio.

Following Str?mb?ck, Djerf-Pierre, and Shehata (2013), we averaged the above three indices and created a traditional news consumption index.

Online Media News Consumption. To create an online news consumption
index, we averaged the days respondents spent reading news from (1) online news
sites and (2) news aggregators such as Yahoo! News, Naver News.

Social Media News Consumption. Respondents were asked, “How many
days during the last week did you read/watch news” on (1) Facebook, (2) Twitter,
and (3) YouTube?



（接上个主题）媒体消费研究方法的进化：媒体类型→观众消费行为

<News-seekers and Avoiders - Exploring Patterns of Total News Consumption Across Media and the Relationship to Civic Participation>

The new media environment enables varied styles of news consumption.

These varied patterns of news consumption across media support Ahlers‘ (2006) contention
that one needs a “consumer-centric” way of looking at exposure to all sources of news rather than simply tracking medium-by-medium trends.

These results are also consistent with Prior’s (2007) finding that an important, but often unnoticed, consequence of increased choice in the media environment is a growing polarization in news consumption, where more options afford media consumers the opportunity to seek out or avoid the news.


别的学者认为的、前人的量化媒体消费的误区

<News-seekers and Avoiders - Exploring Patterns of Total News Consumption Across Media and the Relationship to Civic Participation>

There are two major problems with this way of monitoring news consumption. First, those who once relied heavily on broadcast news or newspapers may now divide their news consumption across multiple platforms. Alternatively, audience members may simply shift their attention to cable or online news outlets, as the above trends might suggest, or away from news media altogether.

Second, medium-specific trends typically report changes in average or total consumption over time.

在此基础上，后人学者的量化尝试

Kim and Kim (2009) developed two indices, one measuring exposure to TV news and the other to entertainment content. Whether this sort of polarization characterizes Total News Consumption remains to be seen.

跨国新闻消费的定义（瑞典为本国）

Transnational consumption is defined here as consumption of “foreign news media”, e.g. any type of news produced by media companies outside of Sweden, irrespectively of language, platform, market, target group or country of origin.



疫情期间人们新闻消费的表现

<Work as Replenishment or Responsibility Moderating Effects of Occupational Calling on the Within-Person Relationship Between COVID-19 News Consumption and Work Engagement>

In the context of the present study, higher levels of news consumption during the pandemic are likely to lead to greater anxiety due to a heightened awareness of the myriad valued resources threatened by the pandemic (e.g., money, social connections, well-being). This anxiety also expends resources (e.g., energy, attention), thereby further contributing to resource loss.

we find that greater COVID-related news consumption reduces work engagement via increased anxiety.



疫情期间人们新闻消费的量化

<Work as Replenishment or Responsibility Moderating Effects of Occupational Calling on the Within-Person Relationship Between COVID-19 News Consumption and Work Engagement>

COVID-19 News Consumption In line with prior research (e.g., Wanberg et al., 2020), COVID-19 news consumption was measured with one item that assesses perceived frequency developed for this study: “Over the last week, how much have you followed news coverage on COVID-19 (via cable, social media, the Internet, etc.)?” Response options ranged from 1 (Not at all) to 5 (Very much).

研究疫情期间人们新闻消费的意义

<Work as Replenishment or Responsibility Moderating Effects of Occupational Calling on the Within-Person Relationship Between COVID-19 News Consumption and Work Engagement>

Our study helps elucidate a key predictor―COVID-19 news consumption―that can serve as a fruitful target forinterventions designed to protect and promote employee well-beingand productivity during this challenging time, as well as an indi-vidual difference variable that helps to explain which employees aremore or less susceptible to disengagement during this pandemic.More broadly, we hope our work inspires organizations and re-searchers to figure out how to make work a resource rather than adrain to more workers during this difficult time.

Publication - New LR ver. 3


Surviving the New Normal: How Foreigners in Urban China Consume News in the COVID-19 Pandemic

New outline for the LR:

1.	Media polarization and people’s consumption of news
2.	Media trust (of people) and consumption of news
3.	People’s consumption of news before and after the breaking-out of a public emergency or health crisis
4.	Consumption of news on public emergencies/health crisis by diasporas 

导师修改意见：按照英文outline来写

LR新架构

1.1【新媒体环境下】的新闻消费习惯是怎样一种情况；

Nowadays, the rise of the Internet has brought great changes to the current media environment. Yuan (2011) found out that media ownership and corresponding business decisions were being adjusted in line with the trending journalism convergence, which resulted in the dominating situation in media industry and concentration in media market by several media cartels. 

Meanwhile, modern Internet-based media, such as forums, blogs, and social media have gained credibility, integrating user-generated content in publishing, exchanging, and spreading news (Pentina & Tarafdar, 2014). The amount of usable information has been greatly increased and the "costs" needed to access it has been decreased (Fletcher & Park, 2017).

With people's increased access to news and the rapid increase in the volume of news information, the threshold for individuals and organizations to write and distribute news content has been lowered, resulting in the emergence of alternative media. Fuchs (2010) notes that they “are mass media that challenge the dominant capitalist forms of media production, media structures, content, distribution, and reception” (P. 178). 

One of the most noteworthy aspects of alternative media is their functioning outside the hierarchical structure of mainstream media companies (Atton, 2002; Downing, 2001). And being “alternative” to mainstream media’s ideology, alternative media aim to target the niche markets of news consumers, to introduce their offerings predominantly on non-institutional outlets (Wang, 2018).

Nevertheless, with the trend of easier Internet access and the popularity of digital devices, alternative media is able to reach a wider range of target audience (Rauch, 2016). Therefore, the line between alternative media and mainstream media has become blurred (Rauch, 2016), especially as some mainstream-seeming media have instead achieved some of the ideals of alternative media (Hamilton, 2008). Additionally, research proposes that the working conditions of alternative media employers are worse off than those of mainstream media (Rauch, 2016), making it difficult for alternative media to maintain their ideals and stay in touch with a wider range of audiences in the digital era (Forde 2011). Therefore, as a consequence of their declining influence, news consumers of some alternative media have been diverted by some mainstream media outlets. Thus, news consumers are not very loyal to specific media channels. Moreover, from news consumers’ perspective, they emphasize alternative content more highly than its form in an environment of media convergence, which differs from the aforementioned academic view (Rauch, 2015).

Meanwhile, in the current media environment which is heavily influenced by the Internet, social media has become the most popular media and can be said to be a gathering place to witness evolving media changes. 

Today, approximately 93 percent of U.S. adults read news online, with 67 percent having it through social media (Shearer & Gottfried, 2017), and the proportion tends to be even higher in countries in Southern Europe or Latin America (Newman et al., 2017).

In today’s media environment, it is common for news consumers to integrate multiple news media outlets, whether conventional or emerging, into their own use modes, which reflects more complex relationships between media uses (Yuan, 2011).

Considering this, Pentina and Tarafdar (2014) stated that as an in?uential medium, the emergence of the Internet has dramatically altered existing models of consumption of information and news. News consumption has been greatly influenced by the growing availability of media outlets and sources, and the increasing probabilities of news consumers’ interaction and co-creation. 

Since then, the way that people source news has been evolving. News consumers receive news simultaneously from various outlets, thus multi-tasking on several screens and from different media (Kelly & Bostrom, 1995). As a consequence, people have to deal with a wealth of additional knowledge, often irrelevant to their desires and needs, including spam and scam (Denning, 2006). Because of the human’s limited capacity of dealing with information (Thorson et al., 1985), the 24/7 news feed can affect news consumers’ capacities of processing information and making decisions, which is the “information overload” (Pentina & Tarafdar, 2014).

Worse still, concerns have been raised over the use of artificial intelligence by news distribution platforms to personalize user experience for news consumers, which may lead to the phenomena of “filter bubbles” (Pariser, 2011) or “echo chambers” (Sunstein, 2001). While diversity is neglected, such developments have already led to an increased challenge of public debate fragmentation and division (Tewksbury et al., 2008). 

Also, since algorithms are used by social media to promote distribution efficiency, people’s news consumption habits have also been deeply influenced by algorithms in the Internet era. Driven by opaque algorithms, news consumers have a greater chance of exposure to misinformation/disinformation regarding COVID-19, which demonstrate a worse situation of “filter bubbles” and “echo chambers” (Jang & Kim, 2018; Dhanani & Franz, 2020). Despite this, people’s low trust in social media content may trigger users to have higher engagement in news consumption and participation because of the negative attitudes towards corresponding content such as distrust or disapproval (Fletcher & Park, 2017).

Additionally, because the 24/7 news feed that is driven by algorithms has made social media more intrusive, some news consumers’ have experienced information overload due to limited capacities of information processing (Pentina & Tarafdar, 2014). In light of this, some may limit or stop their engagement with social media, denying or deliberately remaining unaware of the presence of news, such attitudes or behaviors that some scholars call digitox or digital disconnection (Aldoory & Van Dyke, 2006; Hampton, 2010; Foot, 2014; Woodstock, 2014; Wilcockson et al., 2019; Bucher, 2020; Syvertsen, 2020). Consequently, while social media has consistently shaped individuals’ trust in news and worldviews, these media developments have the potential to have a significant and powerful impact on the formation of political understanding, public debate, social and civic consciousness.

1.2 在【公众卫生健康事件】这个语境下，人们的新闻消费习惯是怎样的（递进关系）

For media that are related to a public health emergency, they play a diverse role that shapes people’s perception and behavior patterns. In general, the media messages to which the public is subjected will influence their attitudes and reactions to health crises and corresponding social problems (Randolph & Viswanath, 2004; Anderson, 2009; Sugimoto et al., 2013; Schmidt et al., 2018). In addition, media also plays a significant role in educating the decisions of the public by affecting the accessibility of accessible information while making judgments (Wyer & Radvansky, 1999). Furthermore, media are able to build socio-cultural pressure to comply with beliefs, norms, or behaviors conveyed by publishing material (Barlett et al., 2008; Grabe et al., 2008). Kim (2015) indicates that media features and editorial relevance to the news have direct consequences for Internet-based public health outreach initiatives, where news messages and their placement on the website are considered important.

Notably, during a public health emergency such as the H1N1 pandemic, although information that is used to improve protection and prevention is difficult to found on the Internet (Gesualdo et al., 2010). Etingen et al. (2013) found out that during it is reported that many people have shown greater interest in news that is consistent with infection control activities. As more Internet users have learned to search for health details, the Internet has played a crucial role as a source of information on the H1N1 pandemic (Bennett & Glasgow, 2009). 

2. 在新媒体环境下，对【媒体持有不同信任度的人群】的【新闻消费习惯】

For news consumers, as their trust in news has altered over time, so have their news consumption habits. In the past, people’s trust in news continued to decline in the United States after a 20-year period marked by a high level of trust in news from the 1950s to the 1970s (Ladd, 2012; Kalogeropoulos et al., 2019).

In view of this, several factors have been outlined by researchers. News consumers’ trust in news media is positively associated with political engagement, interpersonal confidence, and television and newspaper news consumption (Kalogeropouloset et al., 2019; Tsfati & Ariely, 2014). Meanwhile, news consumers’ perceptions of corruption, education level, and online news exposure are negatively correlated (Hakhverdian & Mayne, 2012; Tsfati & Ariely, 2014). For news consumers in different age groups, their trust in the media varies. Younger individuals are more likely than older people to have an inclination towards non-mainstream news outlets. Likewise, for people who have lower levels of interest in the news, they are more likely to show the inclination for non-mainstream news outlets than those with a higher level of interest (Fletcher & Park, 2017).

In the current media environment, news consumers’ level of trust in the media also varies depending on the type of media. As more information moves online, social networking sites are developing into our society’s gatekeepers, a position once restricted to legacy media journalists (Bozdag, 2013). However, people's trust in social media is lower than that of legacy media, because “social media allows for the easy and widespread distribution of information while also having minimal standards to assess the credibility of such information” (Dhanani & Franz, 2020, p. 10).

Likewise, Newman et al. (2017) report that people are more inclined to use non-mainstream news sources than ever before. Similarly, people who use conventional news outlets and non-mainstream news media are related to higher levels of news confidence. Those who use social media as the primary news source have lower trust in the news. For news consumers who are doubtful of news media’s motivations, reporting shows lower confidence in the news (Kalogeropoulos et al., 2019).

Considering news consumers have diverse levels of trust in different media, their trust also influences their news consumption and even participation. Fletcher and Park (2017) conclude that those “with low trust in the news media are more likely to prefer non-mainstream news sources, and are more likely to engage in online news participation” (p. 2). Lee (2010) concludes that, following the continued use of trusted news media, news consumers are satisfied with news coverage, and further trust in a particular medium is established.

3. 这种消费习惯在【疫情前后】是否存在差异（表述前后情况，总结不同）

For a public health emergency such as the COVID-19 pandemic, people's trust in media has undergone new changes. Coleman et al. discover (2011) that health news that portrays health issues as being avoidable and offers advice for protection help more news consumers to make practical changes. During the pandemic, a variety of adverse effects are connected with the use of social media, including the endorsement of COVID-19 misinformation/disinformation, lower comprehension of how the disease is handled, and greater prejudice against Asian Americans (Dhanani & Franz, 2020).

In addition to causing deep fissures within the public, these different messages have also contributed to dangerous behaviors such as declining to comply with mandatory mask rules (Mervosh et al., 2020), violence against those who attempt to implement such practices (MacFarquhar, 2020). Moreover, there is growing discrimination against Asians who have been accused of COVID-19 (Ruiz et al., 2020).

By adopting framing strategies, media stressed the danger to public health posted the pandemic, concentrated on civil rights debates (Ingraham, 2020), or highlighted the influence of the virus on the economy (Hilton, 2020). However, in addition to raising people’s concerns about knowledge concerning COVID-19, researchers particularly pay close attention to the dissemination of misinformation or disinformation about COVID-19 and access that news consumption habit is likely associated with the consumption of and the inclination of misinformation regarding COVID-19 (Dhanani & Franz, 2020). Like, 30% of Americans believe COVID-19 was developed in a laboratory, and most Americans admit that press coverage exaggerates the risks associated with the virus (Mitchell & Oliphant, 2020).

For previous studies on other important lapses of public confidence linked to infectious diseases, such as people’s vacillation in the vaccine, they investigated how and why misinformation prevails amid the availability of evidence debunking false statements (Lewandowsky et al., 2012).

Researchers stated that the persistence of misinformation/disinformation can make it more troublesome to counter this message, as it shows that such opposition can undermine one's worldview (Lewandowsky et al., 2012). It further underlines the significance of news media users consume that can present false statements and continuously reinforce them (Dhanani & Franz, 2020). Worse still, the proliferation of the Internet and social media has the potential to increase the spread of disinformation by enabling the simple and rapid disclosure of unconfirmed news (Dhanani & Franz, 2020).

In particular, individuals’ and public health awareness affects news consumption related to COVID-19, and it plays a key role in people’s approach to improve access to healthcare. Previous researches have revealed that during a public health emergency such as COVID-19, news consumers have spent more time to consume COVID-19 related news, and focused and verified more on the authenticity of news sources. Guo (2020) indicates that news consumers in China spend around 2 hours a day to read relevant information during COVID-19, and 65% of respondents were very keen to consume news regarding the pandemic in many aspects. Moreover, in terms of news sources, more than half of news consumers trusted relevant news from official media, professional media, and digital governmental platforms (Guo, 2020). In comparison, a mere 6% of news consumers have confidence in the information that was circulated mainly through social media (Guo, 2020). This indicates that in the context of COVID-19 development and the gradual increase in the dissemination of misinformation/disinformation, driven by health awareness, news consumers have spent more time and effort to screen relevant information.

Subsequently, speaking of public health awareness, although the trust level of social media is not as high as other mainstream media such as television and printed newspapers, it is argued that the use of social media channels has a positive effect on public health understanding of changes in behaviors and public protection against COVID-19 given the increasing dependence on social media as a news source (Shearer, 2018; Al-Dmour et al., 2020). Furthermore, public health organizations may benefit from debunking misinformation/disinformation and bias-reduction movements for those who depend on social media like Facebook for informational needs (Seymour, 2018; Dhanani & Franz, 2020).

Research Questions

China, one of the most severely affected countries by COVID-19, has recently achieved some developments in curbing the transmission of the virus (Wang, 2020). In Suzhou, there were dozens of COVID-19 cases and no death case was reported so far (Wang et al., 2020). This may be somewhat due to the effective avoidance of media-facilitated literacy (Liu, 2020). 

However, as a Master’s student in an international joint venture university - Xi’an Jiaotong-Liverpool University, I witnessed and experienced some events that many of my foreign classmates and friends have to adjust their study styles and lifestyles to survive, or to get by. Many foreigners were forced to stay out of China which could be a hardship for them, for those who had to stay in China, or in Suzhou, faced and are still facing a completely different environment (communication, media, lifestyles, etc.), which means they have a more urgent need for information related to COVID-19 than locals, and this information is an important reference point for them to make their next move in the COVID-19. So far, foreigners who live in Suzhou had experienced the COVID-19 outbreak and the New Normal periods. According to the COVID-19 data trackers, the time period of the early COVID-19 outbreak is from January 2020 to April 2020 (Ritchie et al., 2021). The New Normal, can be understood as the post-pandemic era (in China), and unless the world discovers a cure and vaccine for COVID-19, people will have to adapt to live in the new normal (M., 2020). 

Moreover, since the 1918 Spanish Flu, the media environment has evolved a lot, especially since the birth of the Internet. Nowadays, misinformation/disinformation has rampaged through media such as social media, which could be fatal when someone tries to make decisions based on this during the COVID-19. Additionally, because of the emerging situation of COVID-19, there are limited researches focus on how people who live in a different environment consume COVID-19 related news. 

Considering this, I believe my research topic would contribute to current media studies during COVID-19 and have a beneficial impact on how Suzhou authorities or international organizations can better communicate with foreigners living in Suzhou during a public health emergency like COVID-19.

In light of this, I propose my research topic in this dissertation: Surviving the New Normal: A Case Study of How Foreigners Living in Suzhou Consume News in the Presence of the COVID-19 Pandemic.

And the following research questions were therefore formulated.

RQ1: How media environment affects news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou?

Sub-question 1: How media environment affected the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou before the COVID-19?

Sub-question 2: How media environment affects the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou during the COVID-19?

RQ2: How people’s trust in media affects the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou?

Sub-question 1: How people’s trust in media affected the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou before the COVID-19?

Sub-question 2: How people’s trust in the media affects the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou during the COVID-19?

RQ3: How have the different stages of development of the COVID-19 affected the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou?

Sub-question 1: How did the early stages of the COVID-19 outbreak affect the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou?

Sub-question 2: How did the New Normal affect the news consumption habits of foreigners living in Suzhou?



错误!使用“开始”选项卡将 Heading 1 应用于要在此处显示的文字。 




